+++
title = "Becoming a Member and Event Update"
template = "post.html"

description = "How to become a member and details for our next few events."

date = 2019-08-31
slug = "2019-member-update"

authors = ["Charles"]
+++
# Welcome to the U of M!
Thanks for your interest in ACM!

We are the Association for Computing Machinery, University of Minnesota, Twin Cities student chapter. We work to promote knowledge and greater interest in the science, design, development, language, management, and applications of modern computing on the Twin Cities campus and around the Twin Cities area.


## Membership:
We have some great member benefits, including 24 hour room access, access to our servers and server room, free color printing, and full access to our discord server.

If you want to learn more about ACM, we are having an open house on Sep 5 from 13:00-16:00 in Keller 2-204. If you cant make it, don't worry! Our door is (almost) always open. c:

To become a member, you can visit us in person during the open house or just about any time during the day once the school year starts in Keller 2-204.


## Our Next Few Events:

### Donuts with the Department
9:00 AM in the IMA reception room in Keller Hall

Join ACM UMN and members of the CS&E department for donuts, coffee, and discussion!
The first one is right away on Sep 9!

### Unix Classes
6:00–7:00 PM in Amundson 240

New to UNIX? Join ACM UMN to learn about the operating system used on many of the CSE Labs machines.
The topics are:
Terminal Basics — Sep 12
Git and GitHub — Sep 19
Pipes, Filters, Jobs, and Processes — Sep 26
System Layout, Customization, and some Advanced Topics — Oct 3

### Resume and Interview Prep Event
Sep 10, 7:00–8:30 PM in Bruininks 420A

Prepare for the CSE Career Fair with a discussion about what makes a good resume and a good interview followed by time to work with industry professionals on how you can improve your resume and interview skills.

### Paper Reading Group
7:00–9:00 PM in Keller 3-210

Interested in reading academic papers, but not sure where to start? Join acm for a book club style event where we discuss a paper we’ve read! The first paper is Induced subgraphs of hypercubes and a proof of the Sensitivity Conjecture. (This may change though, so check with us before you invest too much energy into this paper!)
We will be discussing the first paper on Oct 2!

If you have any questions, you can reply directly to this email.

https://acm.umn.edu
