+++
title = "Software Design Competition with Caterpillar: Kickoff"
date = 2020-10-30

template = "post.html"

[taxonomies]
tags = ["competition"]

[extra]
ztime = "5-6 PM"
+++

Test your skills at designing and implementing software!
This is the kickoff of a 3-event series.

<!-- more -->

## What is SDC?
The Software Design Competition, or SDC for short, is like a more
realistic hackathon. Students are tasked with designing a piece of
software to solve a problem. They then create a concept and prototype
a solution to fit the requirements of the problem.

This year we have $1400 in prizes. (see below for details)

### How does it work?
The competition is spread over two weeks (and one day). During the first week,
competitors ideate and design their concept. Competitors can use the
second week to implement a prototype of their idea. Everything comes
together on the third Friday for final judging.

### What do I need to participate?
Participation is absolutely free to any UMN student! All you need is a computer, some
spunk, and a handful of good ideas.

### When is SDC?
10-30-20 Design week kickoff\
11-06-20 Design judging and Implementation week kickoff\
11-13-20 Final judging & wrap-up\
5 - 6 PM for all dates\

### Where is SDC?
ACM UMN is inviting you to a scheduled Zoom meeting.

Topic: ACM UMN Software Design Competition with Caterpillar
Time: This is a recurring meeting

Join Zoom Meeting
[https://umn.zoom.us/j/91979047507](https://umn.zoom.us/j/91979047507)

Meeting ID: 919 7904 7507

Join by SIP
91979047507@zoomcrc.com

Join by H.323
162.255.37.11 (US West)
162.255.36.11 (US East)

### Prizes
- First Place: Nintendo Switch Lite
- Second Place: Audio Technica Headphones (M40x)
- Creativity Prize: Bob Ross Waffle Maker c:

### Info From the First Meeting
[Presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1CIp-KTaLHx-rJT0L1lTwzcClhwlHSj1xoM3gosoi-dw/edit?usp=sharing)
[Team Registration Form](https://forms.gle/XCmJYXTa7z4z8x2t8)
