+++
title = "Software Design Competition: Design Judging & Implementation Kickoff"
date = 2018-10-22

template = "post.html"

[taxonomies]
tags = ["competition", "food", "no-timeline-display"]
+++

Test your skills at designing and implementing software.

<!-- more -->

## What is SDC?

The Software Design Competition, or SDC for short, is like a
hackathon in miniature. Students are tasked with designing a piece of
software to solve a problem. They then create a concept and prototype
a solution to fit the requirements of the problem.

### How does it work?

The competition is spread over two weeks. During the first week,
competitors ideate and design their concept. New this year,
competitors can use the second week to implement a prototype of their
idea.

**The first event has already occurred**, however you are still welcome to come
for the implementation phase and/or judging.

Here is a [link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cFjvW_qbdZ5eATub86o6m4h3jMXxOUv3BYmggALeGmY/edit#heading=h.voc5jihd8ho9) to the prompt if you want to come and compete in
the implementation portion of the competition. [Here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vwCZqbuSpxd1F8ZrVLP7gk7-AApE8mpjmKanG5qnOw0/edit) is the grading rubric.

### What do I need to participate?

Participation is absolutely free! All you need is a computer, some
spunk, and a handful of good ideas.

Register for the event [here.](https://z.umn.edu/SDC18) Registration ends 2018-10-20.

### When is SDC?
10-15-18 Design week kickoff (*now in the past*)
10-22-18 Design judging and Implementation week kickoff  
10-29-18 Final judging & wrap-up  
6:00 - 8:30 PM for all dates  

### Where is SDC?
Bruininks Hall room 131A for all dates.  


### Prizes

To be determined...

### Organizers

- Jack Stanek
