+++
title = "Minutes 2018-12-03"
template = "post.html"
date = 2018-12-03

+++
# 2018-12-03

Start Time: 7:00 PM
End Time:   7:30 PM

## Attendance
 - Isai      (President)
 - Jack      (Community Ambassador)
 - Mike      (Secretary)
 - Michael   (Webmaster)
 - Ace       (Project Manager)
 - Ari       (The Architect)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Short Term
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Create newsletter sign up form
     - [ ] Contact other ACM Chapters about MinneHack
 - Isai:
     - [x] Send email to collect ID numbers from current members for door access.
 - Jack:
     - [ ] Respond to MLH follow-up with proper documentation
 - Louis:
     - [x] Put together a list of stuff to buy for MinneHack (RAID drives, new router drives, new router sleds)
     - [x] Work with Thomas to file purchase requests for MinneHack stuff
     - [x] Work with Thomas to file purchase requests for garlic server
     - [x] Work with Thomas to buy printer
     - [ ] Organize lightning talks
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Put constitution/rules on website
     - [ ] Get meeting time info up on the website
 - Mike:
     - [ ] Get official UMN letterhead
 - Thomas:
     - [x] Follow up on minnehack.io renewal
### Long Term
 - Jack:
     - [ ] Delegate management of events like SDC
     - [ ] Write SDC Event Info and send to webmaster to put on website
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Update website theme to be compliant with department standard
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] Update ledger every 2 weeks

## Topics for Discussion
 - Ace: Advertising coffee & donuts to the department
 - Isai: Spring SSF request results
     - Isai: We got all the money we requested for CTF and MinneHack
     - Isai: We didn't get all the money we requested for LAN party but we can appeal the decision
 - Isai: Hosting IEEE's website
     - Louis: We'd be happy to and it's technically easy
     - Louis: The only tech issue would be getting the DNS changed
     - Louis: We'd need to convince the DNS people to do it, but given that the people on both ends want it to happen I don't think it'll be an issue
 - Isai: Wellness
 - Isai: Ice cream social
 - Isai: Intake form
 - Isai: MLH
 - Ari: Wiki
 - Isai: Tekshield
     - Louis: Tekshield is some kind of warranty thing
     - Louis: Ringo, did that come with hestia? I have no idea if we ever used it/set it up
     - Ringo: I don't know either
 - Isai: Membership for winners of events

## Minutes
 - Ace: Advertising coffee & donuts to the department
     - Ace: We could do a better job of marketing coffee and donuts to the actual department.
     - Isai: Aaron sent me an email about this, he requested that we let the faculty know more than 24 hours in advance
     - Isai: I think this is something Mats could help us with.
     - **Ace: I think do that, but also institute a policy of emailing the department one week in advance and also 24 hours in advance.**
 - Isai: Spring SSF request results
     - Isai: We got all the money we requested for CTF and MinneHack
     - Isai: We'll be able to purchase the Raspberry Pi's as soon as the money comes in
     - Isai: We didn't get all the money we requested for LAN party but we can appeal the decision
     - Isai: We got $100 vs the $300 we requested, Thomas is going to see if the department get us the rest
     - Isai: The department expressed a desire for this event to go well, so it's likely that they'll give us the money
     - Isai: Brooksource is also interested in coming again next year/semester
     - Ace: Have we emailed them to let them know when/what the next LAN party is?
     - Isai: No, but we probably should. I can be the one to email them
     - Isai: I'll also introduce Charlie (or someone else who'll be here next year) to Brooksource to be a point of contact
 - Isai: Hosting IEEE's website
     - Isai: I was at IEEE's meeting last week, they're being pushed toward druple and they want to avoid that
     - Isai: I had their sys admin talk to Louis and they worked it out
     - Isai: I think as long as one of their officers is a member of ACM UMN, we should be alright
     - Louis: We'd be happy to and it's technically easy
     - Louis: The only tech issue would be getting the DNS changed
     - Louis: We'd need to convince the DNS people to do it, but given that the people on both ends want it to happen I don't think it'll be an issue
     - Ace: Who is talking to the DNS people?
     - Isai: I think that's on their end.
 - Isai: Wellness
     - Isai: Especially towards the end of the semester, things can get pretty hectic, so make sure you're taking care of yourself
 - Isai: Ice cream social & Intake form
     - Isai: These are ideas Cassie and I got from the SESB meeting
     - Isai: I think this would be a good idea, just not in the winter. Maybe hot cocoa instead?
     - Isai: An intake form would be good because right now all we know about new members is a list of names
     - Isai: This could be a Google form, or potentially a thetis thing if it ever gets done
     - Isai: I think having more information on our members would be good for planning events or recruiting
     - Ace: This seems like something Helen might want to do, but if not I can set it up
     - Ace: The ice cream/cocoa event should be about a month out from MinneHack, so we have time to plan it
 - Isai: MLH
     - Isai: MLH requested some more information
     - Jack: We need Cassie to sign the organizer form and get the code of conduct on the website
     - Isai: I'll @ Cassie
     - Jack: I'll put in a pull request on the website
 - Ari: Wiki
     - Isai: The last update on the wiki was a year and two months ago, so we need to update it, especially since a lot has changed since the CLP transition
 - Isai: Tekshield
     - Louis: Tekshield is some kind of warranty thing
     - Louis: Ringo, did that come with hestia? I have no idea if we ever used it/set it up
     - Ringo: I don't know either
     - **consensus: we don't need to worry about it**
 - Isai: Membership for winners of events
     - Isai: I think people who win events like SDC or CTF should win a membership to ACM UMN
     - Ace: I think that's alright, as long it's never a prize on its own. It would have to paired with another prize
     - Ari: We could also give away an ACM National membership as a prize, since they have real perks
     - Isai: I think we could also retroactively extend this to the winner of the CTF
     - **Ace: I think we shouldn't, because we specifically said "no prizes" several times at the event**
 - Isai: ACM-W & MinneHack
     - Isai: I talked to Hannah at the event on Saturday, and she sent me a contact for someone who could possible sponsor MinneHack
     - Isai: She also offered her support for MinneHack, like putting a call for sponsors in their newsletter or something like that
     - Ashmita: I can ask if someone from ACM-W wants to attend the MinneHack meetings

## TODOs
### Short Term
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Create newsletter sign up form
     - [ ] Contact other ACM Chapters about MinneHack
 - Jack:
     - [ ] Respond to MLH follow-up with proper documentation
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Organize lightning talks
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Put constitution/rules on website
     - [ ] Get meeting time info up on the website
 - Mike:
     - [ ] Get official UMN letterhead
### Medium Term
 - Ace:
     - [ ] Put LAN Party info in the wiki
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Set up intake form
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] Work with Dept to finance Spring LAN Party
### Long Term
 - Isai:
     - [ ] Email Brooksource about the LAN Party
 - Jack:
     - [ ] Delegate management of events like SDC
     - [ ] Write SDC Event Info and send to webmaster to put on website
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Update website theme to be compliant with department standard
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] Update ledger every 2 weeks
