+++
title = "2018-10-13 Systems Committee Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2018-10-13
tags = ["systems-meeting-minutes"]
+++

## Attendance
 
 - Ashmita (Systems Committee Member)
 - Isai (President)
 - Louis (Sysadmin)
 - Michael (Webmaster)
 - Nathan (Systems Committee Member, Very)

## Last Week's TODOs

- [x] Louis: Fix SSL renewal
- [x] Louis: Uptime/status monitoring
- [x] Thomas et.al.: Papertrail account payment
- [x] Move MH to persistant Department MySQL
- [x] Decide on bridge painting
- [ ] any/all: Logging to papertrail for ACM custom services

### Persistent TODOs (Louis' todo dump)

- [ ] Move p to Department MySQL
- [ ] TODO bot for Discord
- [ ] Fix routing pt. 2: Electric boogaloo
- [ ] Ask Irene about power draw
    - [ ] Buy a new PDU?
- [ ] Ask Irene about martian packets
- [ ] Fix WOPR not retrying IP acquisition
- [ ] [long term] IPv6
- [ ] [long term] Strategic Partnerships

## Topics for Discussion
 
 - New Systems Committee Members
   - Ashmita
   - Amethyst's Friend
   - Connor
 - CUDA on battlestation
 - Garlic (the machine)
   - Rename this?
   - Can we purchase this now?
   - Purchasing GPUs: CraigsList/similar
   - Purchasing GPUs: Find someone who knows about ML to ask about what we should be getting
 - Website refresh
     - More content
     - Org scheme for content
     - UofM branding re:mats
     - Old photos
     - Font?
 - Todd
 
## Minutes

 - New Systems Committee Members
   - Ashmita
     - Resolution: Yes ({louis, nathan, michael}: yea)
   - Amethyst's Friend
     - Nathan: Amethyst brought a friend by who seemed interested
     - Michael: Systems committee intern?
     - Louis: Split into "rooted" and "unrooted" members
       - Rooted == Trusted, gets root
       - Unrooted == Interested in networks stuff, etc
       - Create separate discord group: sensitive stuff (passwords, security) remain in committees/#systems and everything else goes in interest-groups/#club-systems
     - Resolution: Talk to Amethyst, give tour (+1 from Ashmita, Louis, Michael, Nathan)
   - Connor
     - Nathan: He Solved Bridge Panel
     - Michael: Yup, solution correct
     - Louis: What now? Probably in-depth "tour"
     - Michael: We should have a reference sheet to real docs.
     - Louis: We could use #systems-help-wanted as part of the tour/as a challenge
   - `merr_man`
     - Joined #systems-help-wanted ages ago, no followup?
     - Louis @-ed them
 - Systems Committee Membership
   - Means you're not a duffer, but you don't (immediately) get root
   - Isai: Operate on basis of least privilege
   - Louis: Makes sense, limit to people to named officers and officer-like people and people who have done lots of work in the past
   - Basic premise: Committing to do shit in #systems-help-wanted, being generally helpful
 - Gopher Site
   - Louis: Looks good, tweak wording to sound less gatekeepy
   - Resolution: Yes from Louis, Michael, Nathan
     - And already done!
     - Also adding hardware specs
 - CUDA on battlestation
   - Louis: Or any other machine
   - Nathan: Only thing worse than malware-infested gaming PC is compute server people keep rebooting to turn into a malware-infested gaming PC
   - Michael: What's CUDA
   - Nathan: It's like OpenCL
   - Michael: Why not use that
   - Nathan: OpenCL doesn't actually work with existing software
   - Louis: 1080 should be used for work
   - Isai: ^^
   - Michael: Could we use some sort of advanced queueing
   - Nathan: VR?
   - Louis: Only have VR nights every few weeks?
   - Nathan: We could use extra LAN Party money for 2080
   - Isai: This'd work, call it Upgrading Hardware for LAN Party
   - Louis: Add budget category as "new resources for members" or similar?
   - Isai: What's garlic quote for?
   - Nathan: Everything but GPUs
   - Isai: MNQuant status?
   - Louis: They haven't really gotten back to us
   - Isai: We shouldn't depend on them, we could set it up and let them know they can
   - Isai: Add 2080 to budget, get to Thomas
 - Garlic (the machine)
   - Rename this?
     - MaLlory
     - gorlic
     - roMuLus
   - Can we purchase this now?
     - One purchase request per vendor
     - Find case, discuss later in meeting
   - Purchasing GPUs: CraigsList/similar
     - Louis: Is this possible?
     - Isai: Add to real meeting topics, find out
     - Louis: Real question is "can purchases be made by members"
     - Isai: P-card probably required
     - Louis: CraigsList can't (usually, like 99%) be done via card
   - Purchasing GPUs: Find someone who knows about ML to ask about what we should be getting
     - Nathan: Just get a bunch of cards and SLI, no?
     - Louis: That's my understanding
     - Nathan: I can talk to Eric E. and see what his opinions are?
 - Add budget things:
   - https://pcpartpicker.com/list/bk3dr6
   - 2x https://www.amazon.com/Sabrent-Converter-Prolific-Chipset-CB-DB9P/dp/B00IDSM6BW/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1533171028&sr=8-3&keywords=usb+to+serial
 - Website refresh
   - More content
     - Isai: Add "ACM through the years," so people (sponsors) can see what we've done in the past. More content is good, will ensure that it's not a pain to get to the real site (through a department landing page).
     - Michael: Should have events
     - Nathan: File an issue, I'll do backend and Ashmita will do fronteend
   - Org scheme for content
     - Louis: re: censoring meeting minutes, could make them non-obvious to navigate to so there's less of a chance of people feeling the need to censor them. Make link under events, replace it with e.g. "History"?
     - Michael: Yeah, it clutters.
     - Resolution: Yes from Isai, Louis, Michael, Nathan
   - Add link to MH site "for info about previous MH's, click here" -> acm.umn.edu/asdfasdfasdf
   - UofM branding re:mats
     - Louis: U-wide push for Drupal is because U wants consistent branding. We could copy UMN CSS?
     - Nathan: Sign into thetis, choose "classic theme"
     - Louis: Mats doesn't care, he doesn't want to be bugged about not meeting the branding requirements
   - Old photos
     - Isai will upload
 - CTF!!!
   - Michael: Team reg done, can just add a bunch of "standard easy problems."
 - Unix Class Captions
   - Nathan: Is this actually getting done?
 - Todd
   - Nathan: Should probably integrate with thetis

## TODOs

### Short Term

 - [ ] Any/All: Come up with new name for ML machine. Greco-roman mythology-themed, ideally contains m and l
 - [ ] Isai: Talk to someone about learing more about University-level branding requirements
 - [ ] Louis: Make resume upload look good
 - [ ] Louis: Resume upload link generation and go-live
 - [ ] Louis: Sync with Thomas about budget requests
 - [ ] Michael: More documentation on problem format for MinneCTF
 - [ ] Michael: Move meeting minutes to a page linked to from the officer meetings blurb, change top link to "ACM History" (pending content)
 - [ ] Nathan: Add 2080 to budget
 - [ ] Nathan: Move p to Department MySQL
 - [ ] Nathan: Poke Ashmita
 - [ ] Nathan: Talk to Eric E. and see what his opinions are on ML server
 - [ ] Nathan: Thetis
 - [ ] Nathan: Triptych
 - [ ] Thomas et. al.: Fix LAN Party budget entry
 - [ ] Thomas et. al.: Purchasing things "thru members" (buying things on craigslist a-la the buying the TimmyHo's) and getting reimbursed **FINANCE DEPT INPUT NEEDED**

### Medium Term

 - [ ] Any/All: Add "ACM History" content to some folder in Keybase
 - [ ] Any/All: Logging to Papertrail for ACM custom services
 - [ ] Any/All (probably Nathan): TODO bot for Discord (named Todd)
 - [ ] Isai: Upload old photos
 - [ ] Louis: Ask Irene about martian packets
 - [ ] Louis: Ask Irene about power draw
     - [ ] Buy a new PDU?
 - [ ] Louis: Fix WOPR not retrying IP acquisition
 - [ ] Louis: Fix routing pt. 2: Electric boogaloo
 - [ ] Louis: Inventory non-closet items (monitors!)
 - [ ] Nathan: Talk to SIFT about CTF sponsorship
 - [ ] Thomas et. al.: Domain ownership continuity **FINANCE DEPT INPUT NEEDED**

### Long Term

 - [ ] Louis: abnerdoor
 - [ ] Unset: IPv6
 - [ ] Unset: Strategic Partnerships
