+++
title = "Minutes 2018-12-10"
template = "post.html"
date = 2018-12-10

+++
# 2018-12-10

Start Time: 6:30 PM
End Time:   7:00 PM

## Attendance
 - Isai      (President)
 - Thomas    (Treasurer)
 - Jack      (Community Ambassador)
 - Cassie    (Membership)
 - Mike      (Secretary)
 - Michael   (Webmaster)
 - Ari       (The Architect)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Short Term
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Create newsletter sign up form
     - [ ] ~~Contact other ACM Chapters about MinneHack~~
- Jack:
     - [x] Respond to MLH follow-up with proper documentation
 - Louis:
     - [x] Organize lightning talks
 - Michael:
     - [x] Put constitution/rules on website
     - [x] Get meeting time info up on the website
 - Mike:
     - [ ] ~~Get official UMN letterhead~~
### Medium Term
 - Ace:
     - [ ] Put LAN Party info in the wiki
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Set up intake form
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] Work with Dept to finance Spring LAN Party
### Long Term
 - Isai:
     - [x] Email Brooksource about the LAN Party
 - Jack:
     - [ ] Delegate management of events like SDC
     - [x] Write SDC Event Info and send to webmaster to put on website
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Update website theme to be compliant with department standard
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] Update ledger every 2 weeks

## Topics for Discussion
 - Ringo: Unsubscribing acm@umn.edu from things
 - Isai: Re-recording unix class videos
 - Isai: Let's Encrypt certificate expiration for *.acm.umn.edu
 - Mike: Changing the registration MinneHack confirmation message once we reach capacity
 - Charlie: Lightning Talk posters

## Minutes
 - Ringo: Unsubscribing acm@umn.edu from things
     - Isai: That's happening passively as we get more span emails
     - **Isai: If you see an email we don't need, just unsubscribe**
 - Isai: Re-recording unix class videos
     - Isai: The unix class videos have a lot of awkward zooming in on the board and weird camera movements
     - Isai: We requested that they stay focused on Ringo and have another camera on the board, but they didn't do that
     - Isai: Should we re-record the UNIX classes ourselves?
     - Ari: I think just deal with it this year and do better next year
     - **Isai: Everyone has plenty of time to do their portion of the subs, just get it done before Christmas**
 - Isai: Let's Encrypt certificate expiration for *.acm.umn.edu
     - **Louis: We don't use that, I'm going to let it lapse**
 - Mike: Changing the registration MinneHack confirmation message once we reach capacity
     - Mike: We discussed at the MinneHack meeting what to do wrt MinneHack registration, the decision we came to was that after we get to 360 registrants, every subsequent registrant should be told that they've been added to the waitlist, not that they've been waitlisted
     - Ari: That sounds fine, but we need to make sure that number is correct, because last year we had way more than 360 participants
 - Charlie: Lightning Talk posters
     - Isai: We've been hanging them up today, we just have a few more to do
     - Isai: Shoutout to Charlie for printing those out and handing them up
 - Isai: General PSAs
     - We're about 55 days from MinneHack, so we need to start purchasing the things we need to purchase
     - For meetings over winter break we'll be using Discord voice chat
     - We should get posters up for MinneHack before people get back from break
     - We still need people to sign up for class visits to advertise MinneHack
     - Over break TODOs will be passed out at next week's meeting

## TODOs
### Short Term
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Create newsletter sign up form
 - Cassie, Jack:
     - [ ] Contact other ACM Chapters about MinneHack
### Medium Term
 - Ace:
     - [ ] Put LAN Party info in the wiki
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Set up intake form
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] Work with Dept to finance Spring LAN Party
### Long Term
 - Jack:
     - [ ] Delegate management of events like SDC
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Update website theme to be compliant with department standard
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] Update ledger every 2 weeks
