+++
title = "2018-11-26 Officer Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2018-11-26

+++
# 2018-11-26

Start Time: 7:00 PM
End Time:   7:45 PM

## Attendance
 - Isai      (President)
 - Thomas    (Treasurer)
 - Louis     (Systems Admin)
 - Jack      (Community Ambassador)
 - Mike      (Secretary)
 - Ace       (Project Manager)
 - Ari       (The Architect)
 - Charlie   (Helpful)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Short Term
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Create newsletter sign up form
     - [ ] Contact other ACM Chapters about MinneHack
 - Isai:
     - [ ] Send email to collect ID numbers from current members for door access.
 - Jack:
     - [ ] Respond to MLH follow-up with proper documentation
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Put together a list of stuff to buy for MinneHack (RAID drives, new router drives, new router sleds)
     - [ ] Work with Thomas to buy printer
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Put constitution/rules on website
     - [ ] Get meeting time info up on the website
 - Mike:
     - [ ] Get official UMN letterhead
- Louis & Thomas:
     - [x] minnehack.com DNS Renewal
 - Everyone:
     - [ ] Advertise for our events!!!
### Long Term
 - Jack:
     - [ ] Delegate management of events like SDC
     - [ ] Write SDC Event Info and send to webmaster to put on website
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Update website theme to be compliant with department standard
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] Update ledger every 2 weeks

## Topics for Discussion
 - Ari: SESB
 - Isai: CTF status
 - Isai: Intel event in January(?)
 - Isai: Namecheap
 - Ari: Finals study night
 - Ari: Donuts
 - Ari: Upcoming Think Talks (academic?)
 - Ari: ACM-W Conference 12/1
 - Ari: Website updates
 - Ari: MinneHack - Posters, outreach, MN Daily, videographer
 - Ringo: UNIX class captioning
 - Isai: MinneHack class visits
 - Lukas: clubby linux distro
 - Helen: Website pull requests

## Minutes
 - Ari: SESB
     - Ari: We should go to them.
     - Ace: They have opportunities.
     - Isai: I think Cassie should go to the meetings but she might be busy on Wednesdays.
     - Ace: I can go but preferably a real actual officer should go
     - Isai: I plan on being there
     - Isai: The meetings are Wednesday from 5:00 to 6:00
 - Isai: CTF status
     - Louis: Michael says the platform works. I haven't seen it but I trust that it does
     - Louis: We should set a play for who's going to be working at the actual event
     - Louis: Is the CTF actually going to be for 3 days? That's a lot of content for Michael to make
     - Ace: I think it's more of a picoCTF thing where the challenges are left up for three days, not that there are three days of content
     - Nathan: The difficulty varies extremely widely, so the extra time may be to beginners' advantage
 - Isai: Intel event in January(?)
     - Isai: Helen was emailing them about hosting an event at the end of the month, I'll ping her about it
 - Isai: ~~Namecheap~~
 - Ari: Finals study night
     - Isai: We have money for this, we already ordered food, and we've already reserved the room
     - Ari: We need to advertise!
     - Ari: Send me information to make a poster
     - Louis: This event should be on the website
 - Amethyst: Robot plants
     - Amethyst: I think we should get plants, but we need to automate watering them or they will die
     - Amethyst: I posted a tutorial video on how to build a robot plant waterer using a raspberry pi
     - Thomas: I don't think we can get money for this equipment until next year at the earliest
     - Thomas: We're probably not going to get operational funding for this but we can put in an SSF request
     - Ace: I can set up a Google form where people can submit things they want purchased and a justification
 - Ari: Donuts
     - Isai: Thomas took care of this
     - Thomas: I can pay tomorrow, but I need someone else to pick up the donuts
     - **Louis, Mike and Isai will pick up the donuts, Ari will set up**
 - Ari: Upcoming Think Talks (academic?)
     - Isai: We have money for them, but I don't know if we have time to set one up in the next three weeks
     - Isai: Does anyone have a Think Talk they actually want to do?
     - Isai: We haven't advertised for the finals event at all, I think we'd be stretching ourselves a little thin advertising a whole new event at the same time
     - Louis: I can look into organizing lightning talks where a lot of people sign up to talk for a short time
 - Ari: ACM-W Conference 12/1
     - Ari: ACM-W is having a conference this Saturday!
     - Ari: There's free lunch and a lot of cool people talking about cool stuff.
     - If you're planning on attending make sure you sign up.
 - Ari: Website updates
     - Louis: wrt the pull requests, we fixed it, it's fine
     - Louis: We're gonna hit Michael with sticks this weekend to get him to do the other stuff
 - Ari: MinneHack - Posters, outreach, MN Daily, videographer
     - Isai: Everyone take some posters after the meeting and hang them up
 - Ringo: UNIX class captioning
     - Amethyst: The DRC has a thing that subtitles things, maybe they can do the subs
     - Ace: If we request that the videos be captioned, we would have to pay for it
     - Nathan: It doesn't matter what program you use, just give me an srt file
     - **Everyone do the part you were assigned before December**
 - Isai: MinneHack class visits
     - Isai: Already talked about this, sign up for them immediately
 - Lukas: clubby linux distro
     - Isai: When we get the new printer, we need to change clubby to have a different distro
     - Mike: The problem isn't with Arch, the problem is that i3 is extremely unusable to people who don't already know how to use it
     - **Consensus: Somebody just do it because it's an accessibility issue**
 - Helen: Website pull requests
     - Already dealt with this
 - Ace: Send emails from ACM
     - Ace: It is possible to send emails from acm@umn.edu now
     - Ace: Add acmpr@umn.edu to the Google group and I'll set it up right now

## TODOs
### Short Term
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Create newsletter sign up form
     - [ ] Contact other ACM Chapters about MinneHack
 - Isai:
     - [ ] Send email to collect ID numbers from current members for door access.
 - Jack:
     - [ ] Respond to MLH follow-up with proper documentation
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Put together a list of stuff to buy for MinneHack (RAID drives, new router drives, new router sleds)
     - [ ] Work with Thomas to buy printer
     - [ ] Organize lightning talks
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Put constitution/rules on website
     - [ ] Get meeting time info up on the website
 - Mike:
     - [ ] Get official UMN letterhead
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] Follow up on minnehack.io renewal
### Long Term
 - Jack:
     - [ ] Delegate management of events like SDC
     - [ ] Write SDC Event Info and send to webmaster to put on website
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Update website theme to be compliant with department standard
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] Update ledger every 2 weeks
