+++
title = "2018-09-05"
template = "post.html"
date = 2018-09-05

[taxonomies]
tags = [ "meeting-minutes"]
+++

## Attendance
 - Isai      (President)
 - Helen     (Vice President)
 - Thomas    (Treasurer)
 - Louis     (Systems Administrator)
 - Jack      (Community Ambassador)
 - Cassie    (Membership)
 - Mike      (Secretary)
 - Cassie    (Membership)
 - Michael   (Webmaster)
 - Ace       (Nice)
 - Nathan    (Ringo)
 - Ari       (The Architect)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Short Term
 - Cassie:
   - [x] Clean microwave or bring in new one
 - Helen:
   - [x] Look over Ari's copy of MinneHack registration email
   - [x] Make event flyer
   - [ ] Update pizza budget to include price of 2 liters
   - [ ] Send information on upcoming events to Kevin Allen
 - Isai:
   - [x] Pick up candy for event tomorrow
 - Jack:
   - [x] Talk to Ace about pizza permit
   - [x] Contact resume event sponsors
 - Mike:
   - [x] Send out newsletter
 - Nathan:
   - [ ] New mailing list system
   - [ ] Unix classes
   - [ ] Migrate memberlist away from google drive
 - Thomas:
   - [x] Talk to Mats/Sue about department budget
### Medium Term
 - Helen and Jack:
   - [ ] Food for SDC
 - Thomas:
   - [ ] Meet with and email Sue about various things
   - [ ] Update the ledger
   - [ ] Email Cargill
### Long Term
 - Nathan:
   - [ ] Talk to CSEIT about IPV6
   - [ ] Talk to CSEIT about Northern Lights gigapop

## Topics for Discussion
 - Condoms
 - Welcome week mailing list additions
 - Update gopherlink with events
 - Unix class pizza permits
 - Updates on Donuts with the Dept times?
 - Reaching out to potential sponsors for events
 - Shana availability for meetings?
 - Update bylaws to outline membership procedures
 - LED sign
 - Website 404 page
 - Banner thing
 - How to spend membership fee
 - Solar car collaboration
 - Getting in to the state fair next year
 - Legal stuff in software event
 - Go over and establish email responsibilities (who replies to what)
 - Which discord channels are non-members allowed to see
 - Look at the profs availability then schedule coffee and donuts
 - Dania is setting up a membership fee collection system
 - Dry storage for members
 - Getting MinneHack sponsors
 - Membership fees for cups and coffee
 - Papertrail
 - Database schemas
 - MinneHack privacy policy lawyer update
 - Pizza permits for events
 - SSF check
 - Check from CSE org fair
 - SSF contact sheet
 - SSF request website
 - SSF office hours
 - Laundry
 - Reimbursements
 - 3M as potential MinneHack sponsor
 - Attending SESB meetings
 - Date for finals event
 - Update door list
 - Printer
 - Activities fair check-in
 - People can't connect to the website over the table LAN
 - P card update
 - ACM new member/old member mixer
 - Advertise upcoming events
 - Standardized response to "how do i get involved?" emails

## Minutes
 - Condoms
   - We have money from ssf for 500 branded condoms as soon as the check goes through
 - Welcome week mailing list additions
   - We added all of the people who signed up during welcome week to the mailing list
 - Update gopherlink with events
   - Jack put all of them except the polaris talk and the unix classes on there already, those are going up soon
 - Unix class pizza permits
   - Helen did them already
 - Updates on Donuts with the Dept times?
   - It looks like Fridays from 11 to 12 work best for the people who filled out the form
   - Towards the end of the month would be better
 - Reaching out to potential sponsors for events
   - We emailed ameriprise, Jack will talk to polaris, Isai will to to cargill and sbs commerce tomorrow
 - Shana availability for meetings?
   - We might need to do a Shana breifing meeting
   - We'll send her an email about choosing a time for that
   - Louis, Isai, and Thomas are the people who most need to be there
 - Update bylaws to outline membership procedures
   - Sue says our bylaws need to outline membership cost and the fact that members can pay for a full year or for a single semester
 - LED sign
   - For promoting at exploreu it would be nice to have an LED sign to catch people's eyes
   - Ace has something similar they could bring in
   - Ringo will cost it out and we can decide whether or not to spend membership fees on it
 - Website 404 page
   - We will be doing the firing one Michael posted
 - Banner thing
   - We can put pictures of our group and a little blurb on a banner and Susan, the assistant dean, will provide it to us for free
 - How to spend membership fee
   - Helen has been telling people we spend it on coffee and cups
   - LED sign, possibly
   - Hardware for the systems committee (garlic box, new full time router)
 - Solar car collaboration
   - Isai talked to them at the state fair and they're interested in possibly doing a collaboration with us
   - If anyone has ideas for a collaboration we can do with them feel free to get at us
 - Getting in to the state fair next year
   - CSE might let us go as a student group
 - Legal stuff in software event
   - Send out an email asking people for questions they have about legality and take them to the lawyers
 - Go over and establish email responsibilities (who replies to what)
   - Cassie has been good about replying to membership things
   - External things about interacting with our group should go to Jack, financial stuff should go to Thomas
   - We should stop putting job listing on the newsletter and put them in a paid-member only discord channel
 - Which discord channels are non-members allowed to see
   - We should clean up the many channels we have, and while we're at it decide which channels non-members should be allowed to see
 - Dania is setting up a membership fee collection system
   - At some time in the future we should stop accepting cash payments for membership fees
   - They will email us when the new service is set up
 - Dry storage for members
   - If someone wants to bring protein powder or oatmeal or whatever, should they be allowed to keep it in the server closet?
   - If things are left in the former snack store they may be taken
   - We may set up a system similar to exceed's system with the dot stickers
   - Assume fridge food is private unless marked otherwise
 - Getting MinneHack sponsors
   - We are reaching out to 3M and SPS Commerce
   - We can also probably get HOMI
   - We also need to talk to Target, the person we were supposed to reach out to didn't respond
   - Isai knows someone who works at Best Buy
   - We can also talk to people at the cse career fair, we have MinneHack business cards
 - Papertrail
   - We should buy their cheapest tier syslog server, which gets a month of back records
   - Cost is $7 per month
 - Systems committee updated all of the machines during the meeting
 - Database schemas
   - The fields in the memberlist schema got checked off during the meeting
 - MinneHack privacy policy lawyer update
   - The lawyers have not emailed back, Helen can email them again
 - Pizza permits for events
   - Helen got permits for everything except SDC because we are getting bagels and coffee for SDC
 - SSF check
   - The check has been taken care of
   - Also, Thomas needs to go the the meeting
 - Check from CSE org fair
   - We will email Ben Koch about how to get that money
 - SSF contact sheet
   - Isai and Thomas should be the ones on that sheet so that they will be the ones that get the emails
 - SSF request website
   - Next week we need to check the ssf request website for new information
 - SSF office hours
   - Budget preparers can go to Sarah's office hours if they have questions
 - Laundry
   - Helen will do the laundry at Ringo's apartment tomorrow
   - Also in the future we should request ssf funds for detergent
 - Reimbursements
   - Thomas emailed Sue and she seemed mad
   - In the future Thomas will get a concrete answer about reimbursements
   - After we get a p card reimbursements will be a non-issue as we will be able to make our own purchases
 - 3M as potential MinneHack sponsor
   - Isai will talk to the guy tomorrow
 - Attending SESB meetings
   - Meetings are every other Wednesday at 5:00
   - Isai and Louis will go, Thomas cannot go
 - Date for finals event
   - This will be an event where we have pizza and listen to lofi hip hop beats on the last day of classes before finals
   - Helen will schedule it at 5:00 on December 12th
 - Update door list
   - At some point this week the system will be automated and it will no longer be Cassie's job
 - Printer
   - Printer money is in the budget and Mats says the budget looks good
 - Activities fair check-in
   - On Wednesday the 12th from 12:00 to 4:00 there will be an activities fair
   - Ringo will reserve us a table and stay there until Ari taps in
 - People can't connect to the website over the table LAN
   - It's a non-issue
 - ACM new member/old member mixer
   - A previous president who is friends with a lot of old members recenty rejoined and maybe we should do a mixer
   - This could potentially be a members-only event
 - Advertise upcoming events
   - We need to print resume event fliers and put them up tonight or tomorrow
   - Ace just left the room to print them
 - Standardized response to "how do i get involved?" emails
   - Jack will write a copy and put it in keybase
 - ACM-W memberlist
   - ACM-W needs to be able to add members to our memberlist
   - Systems committee will assign somebody from ACM-W the admin role so that they can do that
   - Possibly set up a system where members added by the ACM-W admin have a specific tag
- Sue asking about our current money
   - Sue wants to know what we're doing with our unspent MinneHack money
   - We should tell her we will spend it on MinneHack this year
 - ICPC team email
   - Multiple people have asked about an ICPC team
   - If we decide to send any teams we will need to be invloved in that
   - We could also ask whether anyone else is interested in attending in the newsletter
 - 
## TODOs
### Short Term
 - Ace
   - [ ] Talk to Jess about a new Target contact
 - Helen:
   - [ ] Update pizza budget to include price of 2 liters
   - [ ] Send information on upcoming events to Kevin Allen
   - [ ] Buy bleach
   - [ ] Advertise for resume event
 - Michael
   - [ ] ICPC stuff
 - Nathan:
   - [ ] New mailing list system
   - [ ] Unix classes
   - [ ] Migrate memberlist away from google drive
 - Thomas:
   - [ ] Do all the things you are supposed to do
### Medium Term
 - Helen and Jack:
   - [ ] Food for SDC
 - Thomas:
   - [ ] Meet with and email Sue about various things
   - [ ] Update the ledger
   - [ ] Email Cargill
### Long Term
 - Nathan:
   - [ ] Talk to CSEIT about IPV6
   - [ ] Talk to CSEIT about Northern Lights gigapop

