+++
title = "2018-08-15"
template = "post.html"
date = 2018-08-15

[taxonomies]
tags = [ "meeting-minutes"]
+++

## Attendance
 - Isai (President)
 - Helen (Vice President)
 - Thomas (Treasurer)
 - Jack (Community Ambassador)
 - Cassie (Membership)
 - Ari (The Architect)

## Topics for Discussion
 
 - Fridge Cleaning
 - Change name of ThinkTalks to ThinkTalks
 - SDC
   - Needs posters
   - Topic decision
 - MH Registration
 - MH Registration Email
 - SUA Re-Registration
   - CLP Department Head
 - MLH Update
 - GH Update
 - Standards for Email Response Time
 - Member List
 - IPV6
 - Delegated Emails
 - Resume and Tech Prep Event
 - MH Tax Deductible Donations
 - Department Budget
 
## Minutes
 - Fridge Cleaning
   - Helen purchased cleaning supplies
   - Ace needs to clean fridge
 - Change name of ThinkTalks to Think Talks
   - This makes it sound less buzzword-y
   - Could change to Tech Talks?
   - Unanimous vote to change ThinkTalks to Tech Talks
 - CTF Room Reservation
   - Need to reserve a room
   - Need to design poster
 - SDC
   - Needs posters designed
   - Topic decision was made
   - Money has been allocated and we have the rooms
   - Need food 
   - Need shirts designed
   - Mississippi room reserved for all days
   - Going to change to a room in bruinicks
 - MH Registration
   - Database Schemas
   - Privacy Policy
   - Talk to UMN lawyers about privacy policy
     - Giving info to sponsors
   - Minors must have parent or guardian sign form
   - Separate check in line for minors
   - Check in all paper
 - MH Registration Email
   - Ari wrote some copy
   - Helen needs to look at it
 - SUA Re-Registration
   - Costs $25
   - CLP Department Head
     - It's Mats
 - MLH Update
   - We tried to sign up too early
   - They will get back to us!
 - GH Update
   - We now have access to private repos again
   - Thanks EVW!
 - Standards for Email Response Time
   - We should be better about this
   - All officers should respond to emails within a day
   - Use officer channel to coordinate responses
 - Member List
   - Nathan made a schema
   - It is a good schema good job Nathan
 - IPV6
   - We don't have this
   - It would be cool if we bought IPV6 space
   - No website outages!
   - Nathan will talk to CSEIT
   - Northern Lights gigapop
   - No time constraints, but would be COOL
 - Delegated Emails
   - Sending emails on behalf of ACM
   - An ACM noreply
   - need a staff member to do this
   - ask Mats about the noreply
   - bots for sentby
 - Ledger 
   - Need to be keeping it more consistently
   - Think about where money for purchases is coming from
 - Resume and Tech Prep Event
   - Need to reserve a room
   - Need to find someone with more information and experience with resumes and technical interviews
   - Could talk to someone from CSEIT
 - MH Tax Deductible Donations
   - Isai is still working on this
   - Some types of donations are gifts and some aren't
 - Department Budget
   - Need to follow up on this
   - Many people are out of the office right now

## TODOs

### Short Term

 - [ ] Ace: Clean fridge
 - [ ] Isai: Reserve room for CTF
 - [ ] Ari: Design posters for CTF
 - [ ] Ari: Design posters for SDC
 - [ ] Ari: Design shirts for SDC
 - [ ] Jack: Change reservation for SDC to a room in Bruinicks
 - [x] Louis and Nathan: Database schemas for MH Registration
 - [ ] Helen: MH Privacy Policy
 - [ ] Helen: Talk to UMN lawyers about MH Privacy Policy
 - [ ] Helen: Look over Ari's copy of MH Registration Email
 - [ ] Cassie: SUA Re-Registration
 - [ ] Helen: Reserve room for Resume and Tech Prep
 - [ ] Thomas and Helen: find someone with experience
 - [ ] Isai: MH Tax Deducatability
 - [ ] Thomas: Talk to Mats/Sue about Department Budget

### Medium Term

 - [ ] Helen and Jack: Food for SDC
 - [ ] Nathan: Talk to CSEIT about IPV6
 - [ ] Nathan: Talk to CSEIT about Northern Lights gigapop
