+++
title = "2018-08-22"
template = "post.html"
date = 2018-08-22

[taxonomies]
tags = [ "meeting-minutes"]
+++

## Attendance
 - Isai      (President)
 - Helen     (Vice President)
 - Thomas    (Treasurer)
 - Jack      (Community Ambassador)
 - Michael   (Webmaster)
 - Mike      (Secretary)
 - Nathan    (Ringo)
 - Ari       (The Architect)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Short Term
 - Ace:
   - [x] Clean Fridge
 - Ari:
   - [x] Design posters for CTF
   - [x] Design posters for SDC
   - [ ] Design shirts for SDC
 - Cassie:
   - [ ] SUA Re-registration
 - Helen:
   - [ ] MinneHack privacy policy
   - [ ] Talk to UMN lawyers about MinneHack privacy policy
   - [ ] Look over Ari's copy of MinneHack registration email
   - [ ] Reserve room for Resume and Tech Prep
 - Isai:
   - [x] Reserve room for CTF
   - [x] MinneHack tax Deductability
 - Jack:
   - [x] Change reservations for SDC to a room in Bruinicks
 - Louis and Nathan:
   - [x] Database schemas for MinneHack registration
 - Thomas:
   - [ ] Talk to Mats/Sue about department budget
 - Thomas and Helen:
   - [x] Find someone with experience

### Medium Term
 - Helen and Jack:
   - [ ] Food for SDC
 - Nathan:
   - [ ] Talk to CSEIT about IPV6
   - [ ] Talk to CSEIT about Northern Lights gigapop

## Topics for Discussion
 - Ledger update
 - Finalize details for fall semester events
 - MinneHack funding update
 - CTF funding - private sponsorship?
 - Part of old snack store becoming storage area for cables, etc.
 - Update board with correct information
 - Small monitor with pi on table outside for signups/upcoming event info
 - Membership list
 - Automated membership events email, membership renewal info
 - New/renew member email w/ links to discord, GitHub, etc.
 - MinneHack signup question about onesies
 - z.umn.edu/payacm, z.umn.edu/acmfee
 - Electronics recycling
 - Ameriprise calls

## Minutes
 - Ledger update
   - Thomas will update the ledger but he needs to know which purchases people need to be reimbursed for
   - PM him on discord if you need to be reimbursed
   - Thomas is also in contact with Sue about how reimbursements work
 - Finalize details for fall semester events
   - Resume event: We have two people interested in helping with the event
   - Helen in also in contact with Kevin Allen
   - Helen will nail down the details before Thursday
   - Coffee and Donuts event: Thomas is in contact with Sue about the budget issues and about scheduling a meeting with Mats
   - We also have funds to buy coffee instead of making it ourselves
 - MinneHack funding update
   - We don't have the funds this year to do any tax deductable stuff
   - We can look at selling booths, donation tiers for next year
 - CTF funding - private sponsorship?
   - Getting funding from companies as opposed to the department so we can afford hardware
 - Part of old snack store becoming storage area for cables, etc.
   - Go to the container store and buy bins or something
   - Also get some sort of mechanism to prevent stealing
   - We have ssf funding to buy containers, but we should wait until the ssf check/p card stuff gets cleared up
 - Update board with correct information
   - The cork board in the hall has outdated url/emails on it
   - Helen will update it after the meeting
 - Small monitor with pi on table outside for signups/upcoming event info
   - We can use a crappy monitor and put a raspberry pi under the table to maybe prevent theft
   - Having a monitor would also counteract the outdated info on the trifold + cork board
 - Membership list
   - Cassie may or may not have updated the membership list last meeting
   - Isai will contact her after the meeting
 - Automated membership events email, membership renewal info
   - We should automatically send an email to new members
   - We should also send an email reminding members to renew their membership
 - MinneHack signup question about onesies
   - Ringo thinks we should get MinneHack onesies, Isai says getting multiple kinds of apparel instead of buying in bulk is a poor use of funds
   - We will only be getting normal t shirts
 - z.umn.edu/payacm, z.umn.edu/acmfee
   - We need to talk to Sue to make sure it's okay to continue using these
 - Electronics recycling
   - There is an electronics recycling receptacle in Keller Hall
 - Ameriprise calls
   - We gave them our information
   - We are hoping they will sponsor MinneHack, they sound interested
 - Meeting Minutes Template
   - I, Mike, think the template is redundant
   - Some other people say it's good, actually, so I will not change it I guess
 - Fall meeting times
   - All officers should put their availability in the spreadsheet in the drive
 - Shirts/Materials to be designed
   - Shirts for SDC and CTF
 - Stemoc
   - We have two interested people, but we need a few more before we reply to stemoc and tell them we're interested

## TODOs
### Short Term
 - Ari:
   - [ ] Design shirts for SDC
 - Cassie:
   - [ ] SUA Re-registration
 - Helen:
   - [ ] MinneHack privacy policy
   - [ ] Talk to UMN lawyers about MinneHack privacy policy
   - [ ] Look over Ari's copy of MinneHack registration email
   - [ ] Reserve room for Resume and Tech Prep
   - [ ] Make event flyer
   - [ ] Update pizza budget to include price of 2 liters
   - [ ] Fix cork board
 - Isai:
   - [ ] Reserve room for CTF
 - Thomas:
   - [ ] Talk to Mats/Sue about department budget

### Medium Term
 - Helen and Jack:
   - [ ] Food for SDC
 - Thomas:
   - [ ] Meet with and email Sue about various things
   - [ ] Update the ledger
   - [ ] Email Cargill

### Long Term
 - Nathan:
   - [ ] Talk to CSEIT about IPV6
   - [ ] Talk to CSEIT about Northern Lights gigapop

