+++
title = "2018-09-10"
template = "post.html"
date = 2018-09-10

[taxonomies]
tags = [ "meeting-minutes"]
+++

## Attendance
 - Isai      (President)
 - Helen     (Vice President)
 - Thomas    (Treasurer)
 - Louis     (Systems Administrator)
 - Jack      (Community Ambassador)
 - Mike      (Secretary)
 - Alison    (Scrum Misstress)
 - Ace       (Nice)
 - Nathan    (Ringo)
 - Ari       (The Architect)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Short Term
 - Ace
   - [x] Talk to Jess about a new Target contact
 - Helen:
   - [ ] Update pizza budget to include price of 2 liters
   - [x] Send information on upcoming events to Kevin Allen
   - [ ] Buy bleach
   - [x] Advertise for resume event
 - Thomas:
   - [x] Do all the things you are supposed to do
### Medium Term
 - Helen and Jack:
   - [ ] Food for SDC
 - Thomas:
   - [ ] Meet with and email Sue about various things
   - [ ] Update the ledger
   - [ ] Email Cargill
### Long Term
 - Nathan:
   - [ ] Talk to CSEIT about IPV6
   - [ ] Talk to CSEIT about Northern Lights gigapop

## Topics for Discussion
 - Update servers
 - Systems committee continuity
 - Sending people to classes to advertise unix classes
 - Collaborate with Interdisciplinary Transportation Student Organization
 - ACM national annual report
 - Getting the diamond logo on the website
 - Put UNIX classes in events outline
 - Website favicon
 - Website master branch protection
 - Send event info to CS&E department
 - LAN party planning
 - Email last year's MinneHack participants that registration is open
 - Purchasing pizza this week
 - Actual permissions policy
 - Newsletter formatting
 - In-kind donations
 - Clean up hardware lab area

## Minutes
 - Update servers
   - Louis is working on it
 - Systems committee continuity
   - Michael, Ringo, and Louis are all leaving at the end of this year and systems needs people to know how things work after they're gone
   - Systems should have a meeting in person with potential candidates
   - Louis will make an advertisement and put it on the front page of the website
 - Sending people to classes to advertise unix classes
   - That has already been done
 - Collaborate with Interdisciplinary Transportation Student Organization
   - Helen thinks we should collaborate with them
   - We should look into/reach out to them and discuss potential collaborations next week
 - ACM national annual report
   - It is almost done, we're just running into technical issues
   - Ari and Helen will work on it together tonight
 - Getting the diamond logo on the website
   - It's been added as the favicon but got a poor reception
   - Ace can mess around with putting it in there
 - Put UNIX classes in events outline
   - Done
 - Website favicon
   - Done
 - Website master branch protection
   - People keep pushing to production without testing locally
   - Michael is working on setting something up, but for now just be careful
 - Send event info to CS&E department
   - Jack did that, he hasn't heard back yet
 - LAN party planning
   - Helen is in charge of collaborating with IEEE, she is in discussions with their president
   - Possibly someone should go to IEEE's meeting to make sure things get done
 - Email last year's MinneHack participants that registration is open
   - The list of registrants isn't in Mailchimp
   - Louis has a list of everyone who applied, including people who were waitlisted, that we can use instead
 - Purchasing pizza this week
   - We don't have money right now, but we can fill out reimbursement forms
   - Shana and Mats should be alerted that we still have no way to make purchases
   - Helen will email Mats, Shana, and CS Purch to let them know that we don't have a p card yet and will be making reimbursements
   - The forms for purchase requests and reimbursement requests are in the drive
   - We should start filling them out in advance for upcoming events 
 - Newsletter formatting
   - Bold important items (dates, names of events, locations)
   - Also start using header tags
   - Ace and I will work on the next one together because Ace knows html
 - In-kind donations
   - Thomas emailed Sue about whether we can accept in-kind hardware donations and whether or not they're tax deductable, he hasn't heard back yet
 - Clean up hardware lab area
   - The hardware lab is not usable because of how messy it is
   - We need to find a place to put all the cables and whatnot once it's not in the hardware lab
   - Louis, Ari, Isai, and Ashmita can help clean it up this Thursday
 - Buy more ethernet dongles
   - The money for this is already in budgets, we can buy them once we get the SSF check

## TODOs
### Short Term
 - Helen:
   - [ ] Update pizza budget to include price of 2 liters
   - [ ] Buy bleach
 - Louis:
   - [ ] Put advertisement for systems help on website
 - Mike:
   - [ ] Work with Ace on the next email
 - Thomas:
   - [ ] Send followups to people
 - Ari and Helen:
   - [ ] Submit annual report
### Medium Term
 - Helen and Jack:
   - [ ] Food for SDC
 - Louis:
   - [ ] Set up Battlestation for machine learning
 - Thomas:
   - [ ] Meet with and email Sue about various things
   - [ ] Update the ledger
   - [ ] Email Cargill
### Long Term
 - Nathan:
   - [ ] Talk to CSEIT about IPV6
   - [ ] Talk to CSEIT about Northern Lights gigapop

