+++
title = "Minutes 2019-08-26"
template = "post.html"
date = 2019-08-26

+++
# 2019-08-26

Start Time: 18:30
End Time:   18:54

## Attendance
- Mike      (Vice President)
- Nathan    (Treasurer)
- Charles   (Secretary)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Short Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Delete PayPal
  - [ ] Design flyers for Welcome Week
  - [ ] Migrate all ACM files to the team drive
  - [ ] Apply for MLH accrediations
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Think Talks
  - [ ] Find MinneHack sponsors
  - [ ] Put all events in GopherLink
- Helen:
  - [ ] Work on MH2020 Registration form
  - [ ] Give Christian the information for the event posters
  - [ ] Post about welcome week volunteers in discord
  - [ ] Look over MinneHack website
  - [ ] Add sponsor deadlines to mh timeline spreadsheet
  - [ ] Make sponsor deadline document
  - [ ] Ask Shana about purchase requesting process
  - [ ] Register student group
  - [ ] Email Kirsten about sponsorship meeting
- Louis:
  - [ ] Organize server closet (Thomas and Helen will help?)
  - [ ] Scan the old pictures
  - [ ] Finish CTF write ups
  - [ ] Change all passwords
  - [ ] Find bins for organization for HW lab (<= $100)
  - [ ] Contact reuse about fridge
  - [ ] Contact department about unix classes
  - [ ] Talk to OIT/NTS about MinneHack networking
  - [ ] Adapt ecolab stuff to exist as documentation for other ctf sponsors
  - [ ] Email Postman and tell them to fuck off
  - [ ] Email Mathnasium and tell them to talk to the math club (and to fuck off)
  - [x] Bleach small fridge
- Mike:
  - [ ] Add Google Voice number to all of our accounts
  - [ ] ~~Read over Think Talk prospectus and give feedback on it~~
  - [ ] Contact someone about reserving the Great Hall for MinneHack 2021
  - [x] Post Mathnasium job posting in the Discord
- Nathan
  - [x] Meet with Sue
  - [x] Look at Think Talk prospectus
  - [ ] Learn SSF process
- Helen and Nathan:
  - [ ] Finish ACM National report
### Medium Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Shirt for SDC
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Get info about SSF application stuff
### Long Term
- Louis:
  - [ ] Write CTF running guide
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)

## Suggestions

None

## Topics for Discussion
- Charles: Newsletters
- Nathan: Paint the bridge signup
- Nathan: Meeting with Kristen
- Charles: CSCI Track event suggestion
- Charles: MinneHack Details
  - Predicted number of attendees (previous numbers and max)
	- Who can come?
	- number and list of MinneHack officers/organizers
  - MinneHack Budget
    - estimated cost
    - esimated number of sponsors contacted
    - MinneHack backup money (how much money do we have in the account?)
  - What goals do you want to accomplish for MinneHack and what makes it unique? * In 200 words or less, please describe what inspired you to organize this event and why you want to bring a hackathon to your community.
  - Why do you want MinneHack to be an MLH Member Event hackathon? * In 200 words or less, tell us why you want to be an MLH Member Event. We receive applicants from 1000's of organizers all around the world but only have a limited number of slots in our season. Please let us know why MLH's community of hackers would benefit from your event being included in on our official roster.
  - Any major changes in your hackathon?
  - Which of the following hackathon organizing topics would you like MLH’s help with?
  - What questions do you have for MLH?
  - Is there anything else we should know about you or MinneHack?
- Nathan: Old couch
- Nathan: Meeting with Sue, notes
- Nathan: MinneHack bus stuff

## Minutes
- Charles: Newsletters
  - Charles: What have they been in the past
  - Mike: Once a week, ask officers what they want in them. Make sure that the upcomming events are in them.
- Nathan: Paint the bridge signup
  - Nathan: We should keep this in mind. On 26th-27. Signup deadline is unknown.
  - Mike: It is important to get people to be there at the beginning to get good pannels.
  - mike: Last year we were going to get panels next to acm-w, we should do this this year.
  - Nathan: You can only sign up for one panel at the start but additional panels may be available after all groups have reserved one.
  - mike: Last year we got one for us, one for MinneHack, one for systems commitee advertising. We probably only need 2 this year, one for us and one for MinneHack.
- Nathan: Meeting with Kristen
  - nathan: **Postpone for next week**
- Charles: CSCI Track event suggestion
  - charles: Event for CSCI majors choosing an UD track
  - Nathan: We would need someone from the department.
  - Charles: We could get someone from the department to explain for us because we dont know that much.
- Charles: MinneHack Details
  - Predicted number of attendees (previous numbers and max)
	- Who can come?
	- Number and list of MinneHack officers/organizers
  - MinneHack Budget
    - estimated cost
    - esimated number of sponsors contacted
    - MinneHack backup money (how much money do we have in the account?)
  - What goals do you want to accomplish for MinneHack and what makes it unique? * In 200 words or less, please describe what inspired you to organize this event and why you want to bring a hackathon to your community.
  - Why do you want MinneHack to be an MLH Member Event hackathon? * In 200 words or less, tell us why you want to be an MLH Member Event. We receive applicants from 1000's of organizers all around the world but only have a limited number of slots in our season. Please let us know why MLH's community of hackers would benefit from your event being included in on our official roster.
  - Any major changes in your hackathon?
  - Which of the following hackathon organizing topics would you like MLH’s help with?
  - What questions do you have for MLH?
  - Is there anything else we should know about you or MinneHack?
  - Charles: I will put these questions in a spreadsheet (and put it in #brass-class) and people can answer them at will.
- Nathan: Old couch
  - Nathan: We should get rid of it, it is blocking the hallway somewhat.
  - Mike: I can figure that out.
- Nathan: Meeting with Sue, notes
  - POSTPONE
- Nathan: MinneHack bus stuff
  - Nathan: Main con with MinneHack last year was the bus was a mess, it wasnt reserved soon enough (or something).
  - Mike: Company messed up as well.
  - Nathan: there was no hotel or parking for the bus driver overnight.
  - Nathan: last minute issues messed with purchasing.
  - Mike: we may want to switch companies this year given last years experience.

## TODOs
### Short Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Design flyers for Welcome Week
  - [ ] Migrate all ACM files to the team drive
  - [ ] Apply for MLH accrediations
  - [ ] Put that one newsletter on the site
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Think Talks
  - [ ] Find MinneHack sponsors
  - [ ] Put all events in GopherLink
- Helen:
  - [ ] Delete PayPal (with charles)
  - [ ] Work on MH2020 Registration form
  - [ ] Give Christian the information for the event posters
  - [ ] Post about welcome week volunteers in discord
  - [ ] Look over MinneHack website
  - [ ] Add sponsor deadlines to mh timeline spreadsheet
  - [ ] Make sponsor deadline document
  - [ ] Ask Shana about purchase requesting process
  - [ ] Register student group
  - [ ] Email Kirsten about sponsorship meeting
- Louis:
  - [ ] Organize server closet (Thomas and Helen will help?)
  - [ ] Scan the old pictures
  - [ ] Finish CTF write ups
  - [ ] Change all passwords
  - [ ] Find bins for organization for HW lab (<= $100)
  - [ ] Contact reuse about fridge
  - [ ] Contact department about unix classes
  - [ ] Talk to OIT/NTS about MinneHack networking
  - [ ] Adapt ecolab stuff to exist as documentation for other ctf sponsors
  - [ ] Email Postman (and tell them to stop)
  - [ ] Email Mathnasium and tell them to talk to the math club (and to stop emailing)
- Mike:
  - [ ] Get rid of old couch (reuse or dumpster)
  - [ ] Add Google Voice number to all of our accounts
  - [ ] Contact someone about reserving the Great Hall for MinneHack 2021
- Nathan
  - [ ] Learn SSF process
- Helen and Nathan:
  - [ ] Finish ACM National report
### Medium Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Shirt for SDC
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Get info about SSF application stuff
### Long Term
- Louis:
  - [ ] Write CTF running guide
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
