+++
title = "Minutes 2019-11-11"
template = "post.html"
date = 2019-11-11

+++
# 2019-11-11

Start Time: 18:35
End Time:   19:14

## Attendance
- Helen    (President)
- Mike     (Vice President)
- Nathan   (Treasurer)
- ~~Louis    (Systems Admin)~~
- Charlie  (Community Ambassador)
- Hemant   (Membership)
- Ashmita  (Webmaster)
- ~~Charles  (Secretary)~~

## Last Week's TODOs
### Today
- Ashmita:
  - [ ] Talk to MS about MH sponsorship
- Charles
  - [x] LAN party poster
  - [x] Great Hall Table Map
  - [x] LAN PARTY EMAILS (set up meeting time)
- Mike:
  - [x] email juno guy
- Helen:
  - [ ] Talk to CSE IT, department about labs for unix classes
  - [ ] Talk to chairs and tables guy
  - [ ] Talk to Darielle about site visit next semester
### One Week
- Louis:
  - [ ] Write problems for CTF [in progress]
  - [x] Talk to members about writing problems (Cole, Nathan, Hemant)
  - [ ] Talk to Irene about 10G for MinneHack
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Evaluate bus options
  - [ ] get beat saber
  - [ ] Order pizza for paper pals
  - [x] Get old purchase orders in epurch
  - [ ] Talk to dept about Cole rack donation
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Talk to all sponsors on list
- Helen:
  - [ ] Complete PCard training
  - [ ] Delete PayPal (with charles)
  - [ ] Talk to sponsors
### Four Weeks
- Charles:
  - [ ] Migrate all ACM files to the team drive
- Louis:
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] More Rack
### Blocked/Long Term
- Louis:
  - [ ] Write CTF running guide
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
  - [ ] Talk to OIT/NTS about MinneHack networking
- Louis/Hemant:
  - [ ] Make the website bad for april fools (SpOnGeBoB TeXt)
  - [ ] Mail

## Suggestions
None

## Leadership Interest Form
No new submissions

## Topics for Discussion
- LAN Party
- CTF
- Charles: Poster placement
- Nathan: Spring event planning
- Charles: SDC prizes
- MinneHack update

## Minutes
- LAN Party
  - Charles: The meeting with gamers and ieee is on friday 11 at 5:15. If you are involved with LAN Party, be there or else.
  - Nathan: where?
  - Charles: idk where else except the acm room
  - Louis: what does friday 11 mean?
  - Charles: [no response]
  - Helen: If the meeting is this Friday (?) I will not be there
  - Nathan: We should go over the meeting the following Monday for people who can't make it
- CTF
  - Helen: Louis says it's going well and he'll ask for help if he needs it
  - Hemant: I haven't started writing problems yet but I have ideas. I can start working on that this weekend.
  - Helen: Louis wanted to talk about reserving a room for the attack defense ctf next semester
  - Helen: I want to reserve the circle table room, if possible. We can just pick a date late in the semester
  - Helen: We can ask Target for money for prizes again? Nathan what is the status of CTF money
  - Nathan: I don't know about SSF yet, I think we still have Target money from last year?
  - Helen: I thought we didn't have enough Target money, weird...
  - Helen: I think we should wait to choose the CTF date until people know their schedules [friday?]
  - Nathan: I am also writing questions, I just haven't started yet
  - Hemant: This won't be an especially advanced CTF, and we have some left over from last year
  - Hemant: We will have to start next semester's ctf more far in advance
- Charles: Poster placement
  - Charles: The custodians asked me to not place posters on glass or on the pillars in the entryways. I think this is a reasonable request and we should abide by it. However, we should definitely put them in various other conspicuous places.
  - We are all on the same page about this
- Nathan: Spring event planning
  - Nathan: I'd like to plan events around our schedules and the meeting once everyone knows their schedules
  - Nathan: Monday maybe? And we can do slight adjustments if things change
- Charles: SDC prizes
  - Charles says he will buy them tomorrow
  - Nathan: I will be going with him to purchase the prizes for the people who will be receiving them
- MinneHack update
  - Mike: I get the feeling that we're extremely far behind where we should be
  - Mike: What's the status of sponsors that aren't Ecolab?
  - Helen: I've been trying to get in contact with Optum and they've been not responding
  - Charlie: Isai has been in contact with Accenture
  - Charlie: I got a rejection email from Travellers
  - Nathan: How are we feeling about contact with sponsors in general?
  - Charlie: It's hard to tell over email, mostly just waiting.
  - Helen: Charles says he's been talking to Best Buy, idk how it's been going
  - Nathan: What else needs to happen? I'm calling the bus company to get a quote tomorrow
  - Mike: We have the great hall, do we need to be worrying about food this far in advance?
  - Helen: Yes, but I'm worried about the money. I can make up a budget, assuming we have Ecolab, our leftovers from last year, and the SSF money.
  - Helen: I can do that by Sunday.
  - Helen: We also need a platinum sponsor. If we don't get one, we need to come up with the prompt ourselves
  - Helen: We also need to get more registrants
  - Ashmita: Is Cole working on the posters?
  - Helen: I just asked him.
  - Ashmita: If we don't have a platinum sponsor what do we do? A lot of the schedule revolves around them
  - Helen: I **don't** think we should give the plat benefits to the next highest sponsor, that wouldn't be fair
  - Helen: There wouldn't be a keynote, or maybe Ashmita would give one
  - Helen: The past platinum sponsors have been Cargill and Optum, but Optum has been ducking me
  - Ashmita: What's the status of Target? I think they'd be interested
  - Helen: I will email them this week
  - Nathan: Who's doing the shirts?
  - Helen: UGP, I think?
  - Nathan: They're out of business I think
  - Ashmita: Teslaworks uses Fresh Prints, I can check their prices
  - Nathan: Is Charles not doing it?
  - Helen: I don't think so, because of the volume, but maybe
  - Helen: I think UGP is still in business. Timeline on that is about a month in advance
  - Nathan: Prizes are also a consideration
  - Helen: That will also depend on budget, so we'll have to talk about that next week
  - Helen: If everyone could think about prize ideas, that would be great
  - Nathan: No matter what the other prizes are, the first place prize needs to be desireable, I think
  - Charlie: There's also some MLH thing?
  - Helen: Charles has been taking care of that? We're having a call this week
  - Hemant: I will to talk to Gabe and get a 3M contact
  - Stuff to do:
    - expected budget
    - food
    - prizes
    - more sponsors
    - platinum sponsor
    - backup plan for no platinum sponsor
    - MLH
    - registrants
    - shirts
    - posters
    - bus quote

## TODOs
### Newsletter
- Events
- MinneHack (with link)
- CTF
- LAN
### Today
- Ashmita:
  - [ ] Talk to MS about MH sponsorship
- Helen:
  - [ ] Talk to CSE IT, department about labs for unix classes
  - [ ] Talk to chairs and tables guy
  - [ ] Talk to Darielle about site visit next semester
### One Week
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Talk to all sponsors on list
- Helen:
  - [ ] Complete PCard training
  - [ ] Delete PayPal (with charles)
  - [ ] Talk to sponsors
  - [ ] MinneHack budget
  - [ ] Email {Target, Cargill, Optum} about platinum sponsorship
  - [ ] Get a shirt quote
- Louis:
  - [ ] Write problems for CTF [in progress]
  - [ ] Talk to Irene about 10G for MinneHack
- Nathan:
  - [ ] get beat saber
  - [ ] Order pizza for paper pals
  - [ ] Talk to dept about Cole rack donation
  - [ ] Get a quote on the bus
- Hemant & Nathan:
  - [ ] Write CTF questions
### Four Weeks
- Ashmita:
  - [ ] Come up with a backup plan for if don't get a platinum sponsor
- Charles:
  - [ ] Migrate all ACM files to the team drive
- Louis:
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] More Rack
### Blocked/Long Term
- Louis:
  - [ ] Write CTF running guide
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
  - [ ] Talk to OIT/NTS about MinneHack networking
- Louis/Hemant:
  - [ ] Make the website bad for april fools (SpOnGeBoB TeXt)
  - [ ] Mail
