+++
title = "Minutes 2019-02-25"
template = "post.html"
date = 2019-02-25

+++
# 2019-02-25

Start Time: 2:30 PM
End Time:   3:00 PM

## Attendance
 - Isai      (President)
 - Helen     (Vice President)
 - Thomas    (Treasurer)
 - Louis     (Systems Admin)
 - Cassie    (Membership)
 - Mike      (Secretary)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Immediately
 - Isai:
     - [x] Print coffee & donuts posters
### Short Term
 - Cassie:
     - [ ] Look for new images (sponsors channel discord)
 - Isai:
     - [ ] Wash table skirt
 - Jack:
     - [x] Email CSE week about Salvation Army
 - Louis:
     - [ ] ~~Go to the town hall~~
     - [ ] Talk to Irene about LAN party
     - [x] Update door access
     - [ ] Talk to Shana about checking out Mac and/or iPad
     - [ ] Look at remote access for Mac
     - [ ] ~~Make form for collecting i-card numbers and get it to mike~~
 - Michael:
     - [ ] ~~Email Collin Smith back~~
 - Mike:
     - [ ] Newsletter
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] Find out whether we have our SSF money yet
     - [ ] Make purchase order spreadsheet
### Long Term
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Member system
     - [ ] Update website theme to be compliant with department standard

## Topics for Discussion
 - Ari: Kairi Target email
 - Helen: Key status
 - Ari: Caroline MinneHack travel email
 - Jack: Plumb bob update
 - Helen: Rules about member property being left in room
 - Isai: Cadscom 2019
 - Isai: SUA postering
 - Isai: LAN party
 - Isai: Officer elections
 - Isai: MinneHack certificado [sic]
 - Ringo: CTF favicon
 - Ari: CSE week
 - Ari: SESB meetings

## Minutes
 - Ari: Kairi Target email
     - Isai: I called Kairi about this because we already had a thing with Target, but essentially there's somebody at target who wants to do a think talk with us
     - Isai: I'll have updates later
 - Helen: Key status
     - Helen: There are 8 elected officers and 8 keys. The elected officers should have the keys
     - Ringo: I have a key but I need it
     - Isai: Helen will take Ari's key, Mike will take Ringo's key
     - Helen: I messaged Ari, I'll update the drive when I get the key
     - Isai: We'll need to email Shana later
 - Ari: Caroline MinneHack travel email
     - Thomas: This looks like the department wants us to collect the receipts
     - Isai: I talked to Irene and told her we'll be telling people to send receipts directly to her
 - Jack: Plumb bob update
     - Isai: Plumb bob says we wouldn't be financially supporting the Salvation Army, but we can support another charity if we want to
     - Helen: I think we should still not do it
     - Louis: I think we should still do it, unless we have a better reason not to besides "it's not fun"
     - Helen: We ran at a slight negative last year, but the department is supposed to reimburse us
     - Thomas: I'll email plumb bob and cc Ben Koch about supporting a different charity and what would need to happen for that
     - Isai: We might have Veritas come out and help us again
 - Helen: Rules about member property being left in room
     - Helen: Members aren't supposed to leave their stuff in the room for long periods of time
     - Isai: Is this something we actually want to be enforcing?
     - Helen: I think we should, especially if it's food
     - Isai: Let's let the offending parties know about the new policy and let them know to stop leaving food here
     - Louis: I think people can leave stuff here, but only if they use it
     - Isai: That's unenforceable, let's just not allow it
 - Isai: Cadscom 2019
     - Isai: We were approached by the Minneapolis professional chapter to help host this
     - Isai: I went last year, it was pretty cool
     - Helen: They want us to reserve rooms, and they'll find sponsors
     - Isai: We got the okay from SUA as long as we're explicitly listed as a host and actually helping them run it
     - Isai: This is gonna happen in August. It won't take much, we just need to reserve the rooms
     - Isai: It'd we cool if some of our members presented stuff, we should let people know that this is happening
     - Helen: I'll email this guy and let him know we need him to come to campus so we can meet him
 - Isai: SUA postering
     - Isai: UMN eSports brought up the fact that SUA will put up posters for us if we give them posters
     - Isai: I'm going to tell Jack so he can put it in the wiki
     - Ringo: CC me on that so I can use it for the CTF 3 posters
     - Louis: Also, we should get the MinneHack ads off the TVs in the atrium
 - Isai: LAN party
     - Isai: We had the meeting with IEEE and the Gamers
     - Isai: We need to reserve the room, pretty much everything is staying the same
     - Isai: If you wanna be involved come to the meeting
     - Isai: IEEE is designing the poster again
     - Helen: We should insist on reviewing the poster before they post it
 - Isai: Officer elections
     - Isai: Louis might be leaving us but he won't be sure until after spring break
     - Consensus on ranked choice is nobody cares so we might as well do it
     - Louis: We should have a "meet the candidates" night
     - Isai: Start signing up for positions by Spring break
 - Isai: MinneHack certificado [sic]
     - Louis: It's a non-issue, I'll fix it
 - Ringo: CTF favicon
     - Louis: We decided to just copy the ACM one
     - Ringo: The problem was that we got emailed every time someone went to the site
     - Ringo: We'll be good once I write the nginx rule
 - Ari: CSE week
     - We already covered this, maybe
 - Ari: SESB meetings
     - Isai: This one is Wednesdays
     - Cassie: I can go to this one

## TODOs
### Short Term
 - Cassie:
     - [ ] Look for new images (sponsors channel discord)
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Email Minneapolis chapter
 - Isai:
     - [ ] Wash table skirt
     - [ ] Reserve atrium
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Talk to Irene about LAN party
 - Mike:
     - [ ] Newsletter
 - Ringo:
     - [ ] Update the favicon
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] Find out whether we have our SSF money yet
     - [ ] Make purchase order spreadsheet
     - [ ] Email Ben Koch
### Medium Term
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Talk to Shana about checking out Mac and/or iPad
     - [ ] Look at remote access for Mac
### Long Term
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Member system
     - [ ] Update website theme to be compliant with department standard
