+++
title = "Minutes 2019-11-06"
template = "post.html"
date = 2019-11-06

+++
# 2019-11-06

Start Time: 19:35
End Time:   20:38

## Attendance
- Helen    (President)
- Mike     (Vice President)
- Nathan   (Treasurer)
- Louis    (Systems Admin)
- Charlie  (Community Ambassador)
- Hemant   (Membership)
- Ashmita  (Webmaster)
- Charles  (Secretary)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Today
- Helen:
  - [ ] ~~Email ben koch~~
  - [ ] Talk to CSE IT, department about labs for unix classes
  - [ ] Talk to chairs and tables guy
  - [ ] Talk to Darielle about site visit next semester
- Charles:
  - [ ] LAN Party emails (in progress) (invite people to discord)
  - [ ] ~~Donuts posters~~
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Put officer numbers in phone
### One Week
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Talk to all sponsors on list
- Helen:
  - [ ] Complete PCard training
  - [ ] Delete PayPal (with charles)
  - [ ] Talk to sponsors
- Charles:
  - [ ] lan party poster
- Louis:
  - [ ] Write problems for CTF (in progress)
  - [ ] Talk to members about writing problems (Cole, Nathan, Hemant)
  - [x] Talk to profs about CTF problems
  - [ ] Talk to Irene about 10G for MinneHack
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Talk to dept about Cole donation stuff
  - [x] Talk with Sue about busing through the U
### Four Weeks
- Mike:
  - [x] Scan the old pictures
  - [ ] ~~Migrate all ACM files to the team drive~~
- Louis:
  - [ ] Finish CTF write ups (in progress)
### Blocked/Long Term
- Louis:
  - [ ] Write CTF running guide
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
  - [ ] Talk to OIT/NTS about MinneHack networking
- Louis/Hemant:
  - [ ] Make the website bad for april fools (SpOnGeBoB TeXt)
  - [ ] Mail

## Suggestions
None

## Leadership Interest Form
No new submissions

## Topics for Discussion
- Charles: Team drive
- Charlie: Ecolab email
- Charlie: MinneHack meeting
- Helen: ACM-W hack night
- Helen: Juno dev board email
- Helen: Cryptocurrency hackathon email
- LAN Party
- CTF
- Paper Pals

## Minutes
- Charles: Team drive
  - Charles: I tried to do the team drive. it turns out it's difficult, even with a chromebook
  - Charles: I will investigate further, but we might have to just leave the folder where it is and just use the drive going forward
- Charlie: Ecolab email
  - Charlie: They sent an email asking a couple questions, we should respond asap. Specifically re:booth
  - Mike: there are some pdfs in the drive that say floor plan. I think diagram 2 is the one that has all the actual booth locations on it.
  - Helen: Actually I think diagram 1 is better.
  - Helen: Anyway I think we should fix the diagram to be accurate for this year and send it to them.
  - Louis: Who's going to do that?
  - Charles: I can do that
  - Louis: Charlie, when you email them back, make sure you ask them what they mean specifically when they talk about the API
  - Helen: Who's in charge of the API stuff?
  - Ashmita: I will be the person they can ask if they have specific questions
  - helen: I think whta we tell them is we want to know what they are considering and we can try and make it relevant, but we can't guarantee.
- Charlie: MinneHack meeting
  - Charlie: do we still have a meeting?
  - Helen: Yes. It would be best if everyone could be there in person
  - Louis: I'm making a when2meet, everyone fill it out immediately so we can choose a new meeting time
- Louis: Meeting Time
  - Meeting Time Sucks
  - New When2Meet poll
  - Helen: move meetings to monday 6:30
  - Helen: MinneHack meetings stay where they are, and we talk about mh after normal meetings if need be
  - **Regular meeting now Monday at 6:30**
- Helen: ACM-W hack night
  - Helen: Can we do Hack nights at some time on thursday?
  - Ashmita: It's impractical to do it in our room because only two people have a key, and limited availability.
  - *general dissent for events in ACM room*
  - Louis: as long as it's low key...
  - Ashmita: its just a programming in the same space some times thing.
  - Louis: we can also put that on the calendar
  - Charlie: Could someone like study during that time? Then let call "Study time??". Sure, fine
  - Ashmita: yes, but no rename event.
- Helen: Juno dev board email
  - Charlie: We dont have Juno, only "Uno" (4). IEEE doenst have anything!!
  - Mike: I will reply
- Helen: Cryptocurrency hackathon email
  - **NO**
- LAN Party
  - Helen: Poster needs doing. Talking to IEEE.
  - Nathan: I am getting beat saber bought
- CTF
  - more discussion after meeting
- Paper Pals
  - Helen: I won't have time to come up with discussion topics. Does anyone have time to do that?
  - Louis: I can try.

## TODOs
### Newsletter
- Events
- MinneHack (with link)
- CTF
- LAN
- PAPER PALS
### Today
- Ashmita:
  - [ ] Talk to MS about MH sponsorship
- Charles
  - [ ] LAN party poster
  - [ ] Great Hall Table Map
  - [ ] LAN PARTY EMAILS (set up meeting time)
- Mike:
  - [ ] email juno guy
- Helen:
  - [ ] Talk to CSE IT, department about labs for unix classes
  - [ ] Talk to chairs and tables guy
  - [ ] Talk to Darielle about site visit next semester
  - [ ] chairs and table
### One Week
- Louis:
  - [ ] Write problems for CTF [in progress]
  - [ ] Talk to members about writing problems (Cole, Nathan, Hemant)
  - [ ] Talk to Irene about 10G for MinneHack
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Evaluate bus options
  - [ ] get beat saber
  - [ ] Order pizza for paper pals
  - [ ] Get old purchase orders in epurch
  - [ ] Talk to dept about Cole rack donation
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Talk to all sponsors on list
- Helen:
  - [ ] Complete PCard training
  - [ ] Delete PayPal (with charles)
  - [ ] Talk to sponsors
### Four Weeks
- Charles:
  - [ ] Migrate all ACM files to the team drive
- Louis:
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] More Rack
### Blocked/Long Term
- Louis:
  - [ ] Write CTF running guide
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
  - [ ] Talk to OIT/NTS about MinneHack networking
- Louis/Hemant:
  - [ ] Make the website bad for april fools (SpOnGeBoB TeXt)
  - [ ] Mail
