+++
title = "Minutes 2019-10-09"
template = "post.html"
date = 2019-10-09

+++
# 2019-10-09

Start Time: 19:30
End Time:   20:31

## Attendance
- Helen    (President)
- Mike     (Vice President)
- Nathan   (Treasurer)
- Louis    (Systems Admin)
- ~~Charlie  (Community Ambassador)~~
- Hemant   (Membership)
- ~~Ashmita  (Webmaster)~~
- Charles  (Secretary)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Today
- Mike:
  - [x] bother charlie
- Helen:
  - [x] email darielle about target site visit
### One Week
- Helen:
  - [x] minnehack budgets best case, worst case, normal case
  - [x] Charlie Key
  - [ ] Delete PayPal (with charles)
  - [ ] talk to CSE IT, department about labs for unix classes
  - [ ] find CLPs that do payment different
  - [ ] Talk to sponsors
  - [ ] ~~Target site visit email (see minutes for details)~~
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Talk to all sponsors on list
  - [x] Tell Helen key number
- Charles:
  - [x] SDC Flyer (by Wednesday)
- Mike:
  - [ ] Contact someone about reserving the Great Hall for MinneHack 2021(?)
  - [ ] Update GopherLink Pictures
  - [x] Nuke and reinstall clubby
  - [ ] Email people who filled out the leadership form
- Louis
  - [ ] door update (.5 weeks)
  - [ ] look at judging criteria for SDC
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Haunted Computer Purchase (with Helen?)
  - [x] Order Pizza 1
  - [x] Order Pizza 2
  - [x] Order Donuts
- Ashmita
  - [ ] Newsletters on site
### Four Weeks
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Do SSF application stuff (by Oct 24)
- Charles:
  - [ ] Migrate all ACM files to the team drive
- Louis:
  - [ ] ~~Organize server closet (Thomas/Helen/Charles will help?)~~
  - [ ] Finish CTF write ups
  - [ ] Scan the old pictures
### Blocked/Long Term
- Louis:
  - [ ] Write CTF running guide
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
  - [ ] Talk to OIT/NTS about MinneHack networking
  - [ ] Set up mail on acm domain

## Suggestions
None

## Officer Interest
No new responses

## Topics for Discussion
- Helen: Officer info on website (bios, etc)
- Mike: Stickers
- Helen: Officer Check-in
- Helen: SDC Status (are we ready?)
- Helen: Cash payments
- Helen: Lan Party
- Helen: Beat Saber
- Charles: Target site visit options.
- Helen: Fridge
- Helen: Papertrail
- Nathan: Quantum computing event
- Hemant: Remove Target site visit from website
- Louis: SDC advertising
- Helen: Key status
- Louis: Panel this Thursday
- Charles: John Deere info session

## Minutes
- Helen: Officer info on website (bios, etc)
  - Helen: someone was saying that we should put more information on the website about officers.
  - Mike: I think we agreed that that was dumb.
  - Helen: I thought that was serious so I put it in topics.
- Mike: Stickers
  - Charles: How much money?
  - Nathan: $276
  - Charle: Can we do ACM again Garfie Baby" stickers.
  - Mike: I think we should do "compute this" and or "wire tangle"
  - Helen: 2 should be normal and one can be garfield.
  - Helen: We can have another fun one if the other fun one is not garfield.
  - We do not need more ACM logo stickers.
  - Helen: I think we should do "its not ideal"
  - Charles: I think that that is not relevant and we should not get them.
  - Mike: I agree.
  - Helen: We should pick a garfield and pick another joke when it comes up.
  - Louis: people should post their sticker ideas in discord and we can decide next wee.
- Helen: Officer Check-in
  - hHelen: that means how is everyone doing.
  - Nathan: nathan needs to start homework earlier.
  - Helen: That doesn't need to go in minutes
  - Helen: sometimes I accumulate items
  - Louis: I am fine how it is, dont want more things
  - Helen: I dont think hemant is doing much, so you could give things to him.
- Helen: SDC Status (are we ready?)
  - SDC meeting on sunday
  - Mike: the only thing that really needs doing is the plain english version of the prompt.
- Helen: Cash payments
  - Helen: do we have update, Nathan?
  - Nathan: we can do that, we just need reciept system.
  - Helen: can you figure out how to do that.
  - Nathan: we need a locked cash box
  - *mike pulls out cash box from closet*
  - helen; it doesn't lock though
  - Louis: it sounds like we have consensus that we want to do this.
  - Helen: we need to fully figure this out before we start accepting.
- Helen: Lan Party
  - Helen: it is a little over a month out.
  - Helen: we need to talk to ieee and UMN Esports.
  - Helen: I asked ace to write documentation for networking and power layout.
  - Mike: do we have the atrium reserved?
  - Louis: I think I did that.
  - Helen: can you look, I will talk to the chairs and tables guy
  - Louis: we have it reserved.
  - Helen: what is the reservation start?
  - Louis: 3
  - Charles: can we have a CSGO tournament.
- Helen: Beat Saber
  - Helen: we should get it for LAN Party
  - Charles: can we put VR not in this room
  - Helen: we should put it on the upper level.
  - Nathan: I can be in charge of VR
- Louis: VR Night?
  - Louis: we should have some VR night
  - Nathan: we only have one VR system
  - Charlie: we could hook it up to the TV, or play a "multiplayer" game like keep talking an nobody explodes
  - Louis: as long as we don't have too many people (5-10) it would be fun. someone could play vr and it would also be 'gamer inclusion night at the acm' that'd be cool
- Charles: Target site visit options.
  - Helen: it looks like thursday afternoons are best time in general.
  - next semester sometime
- Helen: Fridge
  - Mike: I don't think we should get a new one, I like that we don't have one.
  - Louis: mini fridge stack!!!
  - Helen: I have another mini fridge that I can donate.
  - Nathan: no fridge stack!!!
- Helen: Papertrail
  - Louis: I took care of this
- Nathan: Quantum computing event
  - Nathan: someone emaild about it. "we have it planned, our people bailed. would you like to take it over?"
  - Helen: nathan can you be in charge?
  - nathan: uhhhhhhhhh
  - Helen: I would like if someone who isn't me would respond to this email.
  - Nathan: I can look into what they want, do reserving rooms cost money?
  - Helen: typically not, we can talk to them if so.
- Hemant: Remove Target site visit from website
  - Louis: I took care of this
- Louis: SDC advertising
  - Louis: it should be done
  - Helen: be more specific.
  - Louis: we should advertise to classes (3081).
  - Helen: can you do 3081
  - Louis: if it works with my schedule I can.
  - Helen : I still need to put posters up in womens room
- Helen: Key status
  - Helen: did you get cassie's key
  - Mike; I got cassie's key, gave it to hemant.
  - Charlie sent a picture of his key.
- Louis: Panel this Thursday
  - Helen: Turns out I can be there, I'll email Ben about it
  - Louis: Cole also said he could be there, right?
  - Helen: Maybe. I'll talk to him about it
- Charles: John Deere info session
  - Mike: I think they are a bad company, and I don't want to advertse for them.
  - Mike: we should not post things without discussing first.
  - Helen: we should do our best as a group to only promote companies that are reasonable.
- Louis: OSU!
  - Helen, mike, everyone: we should not talk about OSU!

## TODOs
### Newsletter
- Events
- MinneHack (with link)
- TC Film Fest (if they get back to us in time.........)

### Today
- Charles:
  - [ ] SDC Email
- Helen:
  - [ ] Poster in the women's restrooms
  - [ ] email ben koch
### One Week
- Charles:
  - [ ] Talk to umn esports
  - [ ] talk to ieee
  - [ ] talk to smashclub
- Helen:
  - [ ] Delete PayPal (with charles)
  - [ ] talk to CSE IT, department about labs for unix classes
  - [ ] find CLPs that do payment different
  - [ ] Talk to sponsors
  - [ ] talk to chairs and tables guy
  - [ ] talk to darielle about site visit next semester
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Do SSF application stuff (by Oct 24)
  - [ ] Order Pizza (Oct 14)
  - [ ] ask department about beat saber in the budget
  - [ ] respond to quantum computing email
  - [ ] Haunted Computer Purchase (with Helen?)
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Talk to all sponsors on list
- Mike:
  - [ ] Contact someone about reserving the Great Hall for MinneHack 2021(?)
  - [ ] Update GopherLink Pictures
  - [ ] Email people who filled out the leadership form
- Louis
  - [ ] door update (.5 weeks)
  - [ ] look at judging criteria for SDC
- Ashmita
  - [ ] Newsletters on site
### Four Weeks
- Mike:
  - [ ] Update GopherLink Pictures
- Charles:
  - [ ] Migrate all ACM files to the team drive
- Louis:
  - [ ] Finish CTF write ups
  - [ ] Scan the old pictures
### Blocked/Long Term
- Louis:
  - [ ] Write CTF running guide
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
  - [ ] Talk to OIT/NTS about MinneHack networking
  - [ ] Set up mail on acm domain
