+++
title = "2019-08-19 Officer Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2019-08-19

+++
# 2019-08-19

Start Time: 18:45
End Time:   19:15

## Attendance
- Helen     (President)
- Mike      (Vice President)
- Nathan    (Treasurer)
- Louis     (Systems Admin)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Short Term
- Ace:
  - [x] Add all officers to the team drive
- Charles:
  - [ ] Delete PayPal
  - [ ] Design flyers for Welcome Week
  - [ ] Migrate all ACM files to the team drive
  - [ ] Apply for MLH accrediations
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Think Talks
  - [ ] Find MinneHack sponsors
  - [ ] Put all events in GopherLink
- Helen:
  - [ ] Work on MH2020 Registration form
  - [x] Give Charlie information about Welcome Week flyers
  - [ ] Give Christian the information for the event posters
  - [ ] Post about welcome week volunteers in discord
  - [ ] Look over MinneHack website
  - [ ] Add sponsor deadlines to mh timeline spreadsheet
  - [ ] Make sponsor deadline document
  - [ ] ask shana about purchase requesting process
  - [ ] Register student group
- Louis:
  - [ ] Organize server closet (Thomas and Helen will help?)
  - [ ] Scan the old pictures
  - [ ] Finish CTF write ups
  - [ ] Change all passwords
  - [ ] Find bins for organization for HW lab (<= $100)
  - [x] Contact department about fridge
  - [ ] Contact reuse about fridge
  - [x] Reserve atrium for lan party (sent)
  - [ ] Contact department about unix classes
  - [ ] Talk to OIT/NTS about MinneHack networking
  - [ ] adapt ecolab stuff to exist as documentation for other ctf sponsors
- Mike:
  - [ ] Add Google Voice number to all of our accounts
  - [ ] Read over Think Talk prospectus and give feedback on it
  - [ ] Contact someone about reserving the Great Hall for MinneHack 2021
- Nathan
  - [ ] Meet with Sue
  - [ ] look at think talk prospectus
  - [ ] learn ssf process
- Helen and Nathan:
  - [ ] Finish ACM National report
### Medium Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Shirt for SDC
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Get info about SSF application stuff
### Long Term
- Louis:
  - [ ] Write CTF running guide
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)

## Suggestions

None

## Topics for Discussion
- Nathan: SSF update
- Helen: Set up MinneHack meeting time
- Louis: Door access grace period
- Charles: Newsletters
- Ringo: Topgrade for weekly machine update
- Louis: Postman student expert program
- Louis: Big 10 CTF coalition
- Charlie: Mathnasium job posting
- Charlie: Kirsten email

## Minutes
- Nathan: SSF update
    - Nathan: I was working on that, but then they took it off the website
    - Nathan: One new thing: somebody has to do a canvas course on that, probably me
    - Nathan: I didn't see anything too new on there
    - Helen: I assume the "new content" they're working on is just changing the dates for 2019
    - Nathan: I'm still reading up on it, I'll get back to it when they put it back up
    - Helen: When you find out what the deadlines are, make sure to let us know
    - Nathan: k
- Helen: Set up MinneHack meeting time
    - Mike: Is this something that more then the 4 of us should be here for?
    - Helen: Probably
    - Nathan: Related, does everyone have their schedules in the drive?
    - Nathan: There's a few people still missing
    - Nathan: Let's decide next week and make sure everyone puts their schedules in before then
- Louis: Door access grace period
    - Louis: The department wants to know the new door list, I told them to wait until we know who'll be on the new list
    - Louis: When is the cutoff for new members and for people to renew their membership?
    - Helen: One week after the school year starts
    - Nathan: Sounds good to me
    - Louis: That should also be in the newsletter
    - Louis: Do we know if anyone paid their membership over the summer?
    - Nathan: I'll try to check
- ~~Charles: Newsletters~~
- Ringo: Topgrade for weekly machine updates
    - Louis: I have no idea what that means. I guess I'll ask him
- Louis: Postman student expert program
    - Louis: Somebody emailed us to says they're impressed with out whatever, they want somebody to be an evangelist for them
    - Louis: I've never heard of them and I don't know what they do
    - Louis: I think we should probably just tell them that but in nicer words
- Louis: Big 10 CTF coalition
    - Louis: Some guy I know is starting a CTF advocacy group for the big 10 schools; since the U doesn't have a separate CTF group he contacted me
    - Louis: Seemed like a good idea to me but I don't know what the group is exactly
    - Louis: The guy wanted heads of CTF groups to be in an inner circle
    - Rain: Security is kind of my thing, I can be our spokesperson
    - Helen: It should probably be me or Louis, not a non officer
    - Louis: It seems like one of those things that's more of a discord server than a real thing
    - Helen: I can join the server and see if it becomes a real thing
    - Louis: Let's tell the guy that it seems like a great idea and we'll be in his org unless he asks for money
- Charlie: Mathnasium job posting
    - Mike: This seems like any other job posting, not anything that needs to be a meeting topic
    - Helen: Our response email should tell them that we're the wrong group and there are other, math specific groups on campus
- Charlie: Kirsten email
    - Helen: We need to meet with Kirsten about sponsorship stuff; I'll email her
- Nathan: Sue meeting
    - Nathan: Helen do you want to be there?
    - Helen: Yes but I probably can't on account of I am sick / out of town
- Nathan: Small fridge
    - Nathan: It's full of water and it smells bad
    - Louis: Let's just dump it out and bleach it next time we see Johannes
    - Louis: If we want to get rid of it I'll take it, but I think it's salvagable

## TODOs
### Short Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Delete PayPal
  - [ ] Design flyers for Welcome Week
  - [ ] Migrate all ACM files to the team drive
  - [ ] Apply for MLH accrediations
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Think Talks
  - [ ] Find MinneHack sponsors
  - [ ] Put all events in GopherLink
- Helen:
  - [ ] Work on MH2020 Registration form
  - [ ] Give Christian the information for the event posters
  - [ ] Post about welcome week volunteers in discord
  - [ ] Look over MinneHack website
  - [ ] Add sponsor deadlines to mh timeline spreadsheet
  - [ ] Make sponsor deadline document
  - [ ] ask shana about purchase requesting process
  - [ ] Register student group
  - [ ] Email Kirsten about sponsorship meeting
- Louis:
  - [ ] Organize server closet (Thomas and Helen will help?)
  - [ ] Scan the old pictures
  - [ ] Finish CTF write ups
  - [ ] Change all passwords
  - [ ] Find bins for organization for HW lab (<= $100)
  - [ ] Contact reuse about fridge
  - [ ] Contact department about unix classes
  - [ ] Talk to OIT/NTS about MinneHack networking
  - [ ] adapt ecolab stuff to exist as documentation for other ctf sponsors
  - [ ] Email Postman
  - [ ] Email Mathnasium and tell them to talk to the math club
  - [ ] Bleach small fridge
- Mike:
  - [ ] Add Google Voice number to all of our accounts
  - [ ] Read over Think Talk prospectus and give feedback on it
  - [ ] Contact someone about reserving the Great Hall for MinneHack 2021
  - [ ] Post Mathnasium job posting in the Discord
- Nathan
  - [ ] Meet with Sue
  - [ ] look at think talk prospectus
  - [ ] learn ssf process
- Helen and Nathan:
  - [ ] Finish ACM National report
### Medium Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Shirt for SDC
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Get info about SSF application stuff
### Long Term
- Louis:
  - [ ] Write CTF running guide
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
