+++
title = "2019-06-03 Officer Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2019-06-03

+++
# 2019-06-03

Start Time: 6:30 PM
End Time:   6:58 PM

## Attendance
 - Mike     (Vice President)
 - Nathan   (Treasurer)
 - Charlie  (Community Ambassador)
 - Charles  (Secretary)
 - Isai     (Pirate King)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Immediately (very soon)
 - Thomas and Nathan:
     - [ ] Get CTF prizes purchased
### Short Term
 - Everyone:
     - [ ] Look at the rules for discussion next meeting
 - Cassie:
     - [ ] Update the officer list on the door
 - Charles:
     - [ ] Order Pens etc.
     - [x] Last weeks meMeeting Minutes on site (woops)
 - Charlie:
     - [ ] Finish working on JP Morgan Chase for MinneHack sponsor
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Make an announcement about paid-member role on Discord
     - [ ] Post the rules
     - [ ] Talk to facilities about organics recycling
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Change all passwords
 - Mike
     - [x] Make an ACM National Account
 - Nathan:
     - [ ] Schedule carpet cleaning
     - [x] Make an ACM National Account
### Medium Term
 - Louis:
     - [ ] CTF Write Ups
     - [ ] Talk to Shana about checking out Mac and/or iPad
     - [ ] Organize server closet (Thomas and Helen will help?)
     - [ ] Talk to Irene
 - Charlie:
     - [ ] Think talks
     - [ ] Find Minnehack sponsors
 - Nathan:
     - [ ] Get Carpet cleaned (after server closet cleaned)


## Suggestions
 - None

## Topics for Discussion
- Isai: review minnehack tierlist and update sponsorship wording to include acm events in general
- Isai: Ecolab email
- Louis: ACM National missing officers

## Minutes
- Isai: review minnehack tierlist and update sponsorship wording to include acm events in general
    - Isai: last year's tiers seem like they worked out ok
    - Should schedule a MinneHack meeting / put someone in charge of them
- Possible Minnehack Committee Meeting times:
    - Tue night
    - Thu night
    - Sat afternoon
    - Sunday (any time)
- Isai: Ecolab email
    - Ecolab wants us to have lunch on their campus and talk about sponsorship
    - We should tell them we can only do it in the evening (everyone busy :( )
    - Helen and/or Charlie?
- Louis: ACM National missing officers
    - Isai: Someone needs to log into acm nation and put the missing officers in
    - Isai: Whoever does it will need the member id's of the new officers

## TODOs
### Immediately
 - Charlie:
     - [ ] Email Ecolab about meeting times
 - Thomas and Nathan:
     - [ ] Get CTF prizes purchased
### Short Term
 - Everyone:
     - [ ] Look at the rules for discussion next meeting
 - Cassie:
     - [ ] Update the officer list on the door
 - Charles:
     - [ ] Order Pens etc.
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Make an announcement about paid-member role on Discord
     - [ ] Post the rules
     - [ ] Talk to facilities about organics recycling
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Change all passwords
 - Nathan:
     - [ ] Schedule carpet cleaning
     - [ ] Set up officers for this comming school year for ACM National
### Medium Term
 - Louis:
     - [ ] CTF Write Ups
     - [ ] Talk to Shana about checking out Mac and/or iPad
     - [ ] Organize server closet (Thomas and Helen will help?)
     - [ ] Talk to Irene
 - Charlie:
     - [ ] Think talks
     - [ ] Find Minnehack sponsors
 - Nathan:
     - [ ] Get Carpet cleaned (after server closet cleaned)
