+++
title = "2019-02-04 Officer Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2019-02-04

+++
# 2019-02-04

Start Time: 2:45 PM
End Time:   3:25 PM

## Attendance
 - Isai      (President)
 - Thomas    (Treasurer)
 - Louis     (Systems Admin)
 - Cassie    (Membership)
 - Mike      (Secretary)
 - Michael   (Webmaster)
 - Ari       (The Architect)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Short Term
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Email to reserve room for donuts with the department
 - Isai:
     - [ ] ~~Advertise MinneDemo in the discord~~
     - [ ] Set up spreadsheet for career fair
 - Louis:
     - [x] Configure hestia for MinneHack
     - [x] Email events people re: ethernet
 - Mike:
     - [ ] Newsletter
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] SSF funding
 - Ringo:
     - [x] Write copy for emailing companies about CTF
 - Ace:
     - [ ] ~~Review Ringo's copy~~
### Medium Term
 - Ace:
     - [ ] Put LAN Party info in the wiki
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Set up intake form for new members
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Talk to Shana about checking out Mac and/or iPad
     - [ ] Look at remote access for Mac
     - [x] Set up check-in system
     - [ ] Make form for collecting i-card numbers and get it to mike
### Long Term
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Update website theme to be compliant with department standard
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] Update ledger every 2 weeks

## Topics for Discussion
 - Isai: Update wiki
 - Isai: SESB
 - Isai: Minors
 - Ari: Meeting minutes on website
 - Isai: Inventory/status of outstanding purchase orders
 - Isai: CSE student org fair
 - Ringo: Contacts for CTF 3 sponsors
 - Ari: CSE week
 - Isai: Room temperature update
 - Ari: MinneHack emails
 - Ringo: CTF what to get sponsored vs ssf

## Minutes
 - Isai: Update wiki
     - Isai: MinneHack is over so now we need to update the wiki, and it needs to happen before we forget
     - Isai: If you had a staff shirt, you need to add anything you know that isn't currently in the wiki
     - Isai: Delete irrelevant stuff as well. Try to get this done before the MinneHack meeting
 - Isai: SESB
     - Isai: They sent us new meeting times, we should have someone there.
     - Isai: If you can make it go, especially if you're going to be here next year
     - Ashmita: I already go to them anyway for other groups
 - Isai: Minors
     - Isai: We have the minor forms ready for MinneHack, turns out we don't actually have to do the minor training/background checks
     - Isai: I'm going to put this in the wiki
 - Ari: Meeting minutes on website
 - Isai: Inventory/status of outstanding purchase orders
     - Isai: Thomas this is your thing
     - Isai: We need to set up a spreadsheet with purchase order numbers, you can ask Lukas to help with that
     - Isai: Anything that hasn't been delivered yet needs to be in there
 - Isai: CSE student org fair
     - Cassie: We're number 84 on the waitlist for the spring activities fair, so I don't think we're gonna get a table
     - Isai: IEEE and some other groups are doing a student-run org fair, I'll get you the info
     - Louis: Can we email someone and get in because of how important we are
     - Isai: That's a dick move and also it probably won't work
 - Ringo: Contacts for CTF 3 sponsors
     - Isai: Jack and I can reach out to potential sponsors to be a point of contact and introduce you
     - Isai: We'll do that after the meeting
     - Ringo: It would be great if we could get Michael's digital ocean contact as well
     - Michael: I'll reach out to my PR person
 - Ari: CSE week
     - Ari: We got an email about CSE week from Ben Koch
     - Ari: The cookout and the LAN party are part of CSE week, so we need to read that and respond to him
     - Isai: I'll see if Jack can respond to that
     - Ari: He can get us other student groups to collaborate on the LAN party, also
 - Isai: Room temperature update
     - Isai: You may have noticed it's very cold in here
     - Isai: The reason is this room was designed to be a lab room, so it only pumps out cold air
     - Isai: I asked them to pump in less cold air, Larry said he'd look into it
 - Ari: MinneHack emails
     - Ari: Cassie and Jack got to the ones I was thinking of. Just stay on top of it
     - Isai: I'm also going to be reaching out to mentors/sponsors/judges to get feedback on the event
     - Isai: Cassie, can you make a participant survey?
     - Ari: MLH already does one of those and shares the data with us
     - Cassie: I'll reach out to Misha and see what the specifics of that are
 - Ringo: CTF what to get sponsored vs ssf
     - Ringo: I made a list of stuff we wanted to buy with sponsor money and ssf is already paying for half of it
     - Isai: If we can buy prizes with sponsor money, that'd be good

## TODOs
### Short Term
 - Cassie:
     - [ ] Email Misha about the MH participant survey
     - [ ] Get info about the student-run org fair
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Email to reserve room for donuts with the department
 - Isai:
     - [ ] Set up spreadsheet for career fair
 - Jack:
     - [ ] Respond to the CSE week email
 - Mike:
     - [ ] Newsletter
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] SSF funding
     - [ ] Make purchase order spreadsheet
### Medium Term
 - Ace:
     - [ ] Put LAN Party info in the wiki
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Set up intake form for new members
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Talk to Shana about checking out Mac and/or iPad
     - [ ] Look at remote access for Mac
     - [ ] Make form for collecting i-card numbers and get it to mike
### Long Term
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Update website theme to be compliant with department standard
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] Update ledger every 2 weeks
