+++
title = "Minutes 2019-09-11"
template = "post.html"
date = 2019-09-11

+++
# 2019-09-11

Start Time: 19:30
End Time:   21:05

## Attendance
- Helen     (President)
- Mike      (Vice President)
- Nathan    (Treasurer)
- Louis     (Sys Admin)
- Charlie V (Community Ambassador)
- Ashmita   (Webmaster)
- Charles   (Secretary)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Today
- Charles:
  - [x] Apply for MLH accrediations
  - [x] Contact Matt
- Helen:
  - [x] Budget for MH
  - [x] Look over MinneHack website
  - [x] Make sponsor deadline document
  - [x] Ask Cassie about what happened with ExploreU email
  - [x] Contact Charlie
  - [x] Send Louis what info needs to be collected on MH registration form
  - [x] Confirm Target and (other company) at resume prep, let them know what they should be doing
- Louis:
  - [x] Get back to Harsh
- Nathan:
  - [x] Email Kirsten about sponsorship meeting
  - [x] Email Profs and grad TA's about donuts [in-progress]
### One Week
- Charles:
  - [ ] Put that one newsletter on the site
  - [x] Unix class poster
  - [x] Donuts poster
  - [x] Resume event poster
- Charlie:
  - [x] Put all events in GopherLink
- Helen:
  - [ ] Delete PayPal (with charles)
  - [ ] Work on MH2020 Registration form
  - [ ] Add sponsor deadlines to mh timeline spreadsheet
  - [x] Register student group
- Louis:
  - [ ] ~~Contact reuse about fridge~~
  - [ ] Adapt ecolab stuff to exist as documentation for other ctf sponsors
  - [x] Email Mathnasium and tell them to talk to the math club (and to stop emailing)
  - [x] Create MH registration info
- Mike:
  - [x] Look into getting rid of old couch (reuse drop off?)
  - [x] Add Google Voice number to all of our accounts
  - [ ] Contact someone about reserving the Great Hall for MinneHack 2021
- Nathan
  - [x] Learn SSF process
  - [x] Purchase donuts (Donuts w/ the dept)
  - [ ] Purchase pizza (UNIX)
### Four Weeks
- Charles:
  - [ ] Shirt for SDC
  - [ ] Migrate all ACM files to the team drive
- Louis:
  - [ ] Organize server closet (Thomas/Helen/Charles will help?)
  - [ ] Finish CTF write ups
  - [ ] Scan the old pictures
  - [ ] Change all passwords
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Get info about SSF application stuff
### Blocked/Long Term
- Louis:
  - [ ] Write CTF running guide
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
  - [ ] Talk to OIT/NTS about MinneHack networking

## Suggestions
None

## Topics for Discussion
- Louis: Prune membership
- Helen: Local hack day
- Louis: Add ircs://acm.umn.edu:6669 to email template
- Helen: UCP letter
- Helen: Bill from the regents office
- Helen: IRS letter
- Helen: Target campus visit
- Helen: Ecolab
- Louis: Fall Activities Fair
  - Need to be there AT 11 to get a table
  - Need to pay (EFS string form)
- Helen: Dare mighty things conference
- Helen: CSE Career Center collaboration
- Charlie: Events on the website
- Charles: Class visits
- Mike: October Student Org Fair
- Mike: CSE Student Group Calendar
- Charles: Paper-pals/meeting reschedule
- Isai: Alumni Networking Group
- Mike: ICPC
- Helen: resume event retro (brief)

## Minutes
- We did not get SSF funding for this semester because of lapse during spring last year.


- Louis: Prune membership
  - Helen: making sure that everyone that has door access and discord role and gopherlink are all proper.
- Helen: Local hack day
  - Helen: we got an email from mlh, its a thing that happens in october. It sounds like SDC.
  - Louis: are they asking us to run this? If so I don't think so.
  - Mike: Definitely not.
- Louis: Add ircs://acm.umn.edu:6669 to email template
  - Louis: we should just put that link in the email template. It makes us seem cool.
  - Helen: That's fine.
  - Helen: Nobody can pay cash; [member] needs to get refunded and pay online.
- Helen: UCP letter
  - Helen: "Unclaimed Property" Last year, the u sent a check to my house last year for UNIX classes.
  - Louis: we should just contact them and still try to get these funds.
  - Helen: I can talk to shana about this.
- Helen: Bill from the regents office
  - Helen: we got a bill for $337.50 on feb 8, does not say what it's for.
  - Louis: I would send them a passive aggressive note wondering why we have this.
  - Nathan: I will check our records to see if we paid.
  - Mike: this is actually two separate bills for $225.00 and $112.50 on nov 5 and dec 14 respectively.
  - nathan: I see a payment in this ammount to SUA and Facilities.
  - *General concensus of paid energy*
- Helen: IRS letter
  - Helen: we got a letter from IRS saying we did not pay a tax return, which is fine because we are under the u now, but I don't know if we need to tell them that.
  - Louis: we should send emails to people to cover our butts.
  - Nathan: will do.
- Helen: Target campus visit
  - Helen: We need to make a form to determine how many people are coming. The date is already determined.
  - Helen: we have 3 different dates, oct 9,10,11 from 1-3pm
- Helen: Ecolab
  - Charlie: you are supposed to talk to them.
  - Helen: I need to send emails to many people.
- Louis: Fall Activities Fair
  - Need to be there AT 11 to get a table
  - Need to pay (EFS string form)
  - Mike: we got 31-34 names.
  - Mike: also, they are going to charge us $15 for that.
  - Louis: the main thing we learned is that we need someone more on top of sighing up for these events, and having interesting things on the table gets more attention.
- Helen: Dare mighty things conference
  - Helen: we got an email. this is a hackathon in chigago. they want us to advertise.
  - Louis: we should advertise things as long as they are not shady.
- Helen: CSE Career Center collaboration
  - Helen: we keep getting emails about something similar to resume/interview prep. Ids this something we want to do?
  - Nathan: I don't think we want to go out of our way to host another event.
- Charlie: Events on the website
  - Mike: we took care of that one.
  - Louis: I just made it so that event dates and times show up on their expanded pages.
- Charles: Class visits
  - Charles: Nobody signed up or did anything and we should do class visits.
- Mike: October Student Org Fair
  - Mike: *reads email*.
  - Louis: we should go to it.
  - Helen: I can be there between 10 and 1
- Mike: CSE Student Group Calendar
  - Mike: in the same email, "please enter your events, it helps the college promote your events"
  - Helen: Charlie, is that something you can do?
  - **Charlie is doing the calendar**
- Charles: Paper-pals/meeting reschedule
  - Charles: since the meeting time changed, paper pals now overlaps with the ACM meeting. Do we want to reschedule either of these?
  - Helen: Sep 30 at 7, nov 11 at 7.
- Isai: Alumni Networking Group
  - louis: yes, good.
  - Helen: I can ask him more specifically.
  - Helen: we cant get funding, but we can just have meetups.
- Mike: ICPC
  - Mike: when I was returning p card, shana said that she wants us to advertise for ICPC, so I told her we would hang up a flier and put it in the newsletter
  - Helen: We can also put it in the discord and write it on the whiteboard
- Helen: resume event retro (brief)
  - Helen: yesterday we did the event, and it went really well. It ended up being 20 ish people. if we do a similar event, we will order less pizza and make it a smaller event.
  - Mike: I am opposed to that idea. I think we should do more (smaller) events rather than just capping attendance.
  - Nathan: I think we should talk to target and see what they think about it.
- Charles: CodeDay
  - doesn't really matter
- Louis: Barb's Email
  - Louis: she wants a C++ tutor
  - Helen: newsletter, and discord
  - Mike: no job in email?
  - **No job in email**
- Louis: More open houses
  - Yeah
  - Helen: I think one a month is good.
  - Louis: I think we should have an open house every week
  - Helen: I don't like this because it is a lot.
  - Louis: ok, but we should have them regularly.
  - Helen: I think doing one per month.
  - Helen: we could do one on the 26th.
  - **Thu Sep 26 1-3pm**
- Louis: Officer Recruiting
  - Louis: we should do this.
- Charles: take down posters
  - resume/interview posters need to come down since event is over, everyone should take them down when they see them.

- Charles will talk to Best buy, Helen will talk to target optum code42 and travelers.

## TODOs
### Today
- Helen:
  - [ ] Reply to dare
  - [ ] Email CSE career center
  - [ ] Email Darielle
  - [ ] Email travelers
  - [ ] Email code42
  - [ ] Fix think talk prospectus
  - [ ] make officer interest form
  - [ ] target interest form
  - [ ] talk to isai about alumni networking
- Louis:
  - [x] CTF Prospectus (now in keybase)
### One Week
- Charles:
  - [ ] Put that one newsletter on the site
  - [ ] Newsletter (be specifically welcoming to new people, irc, unix classes, icpc (mike), target campus visit, mention job opportunities, help with planning stuff)
  - [ ] Post job opportunities in discord
  - [ ] Best Buy about MH sponsorship
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Talk to all sponsors on list
- Helen:
  - [ ] Delete PayPal (with charles)
  - [ ] Work on MH2020 Registration form
  - [ ] Add sponsor deadlines to mh timeline spreadsheet
  - [ ] Contact exceed lab manager
  - [ ] Talk to MH sponsors listed above
- Louis:
  - [ ] Follow up with harsh
  - [ ] Create MH registration form
  - [ ] Change all passwords
  - [ ] Talk Ashmita through editing website
  - [ ] Talk to Matt about sys things
- Mike:
  - [ ] Contact someone about reserving the Great Hall for MinneHack 2021
- Nathan
  - [ ] Purchase pizza (UNIX) (9/12/2019)
  - [ ] Talk to sue about getting more money for fridge potentially
  - [ ] UCP letter
  - [ ] IRS letter
### Four Weeks
- Charles:
  - [ ] Shirt for SDC
  - [ ] Migrate all ACM files to the team drive
- Louis:
  - [ ] Organize server closet (Thomas/Helen/Charles will help?)
  - [ ] Finish CTF write ups
  - [ ] Scan the old pictures
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Do SSF application stuff
### Blocked/Long Term
- Louis:
  - [ ] Write CTF running guide
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
  - [ ] Talk to OIT/NTS about MinneHack networking
  - [ ] Set up mail on acm domain
