+++
title = "2019-01-21 Officer Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2019-01-21

+++
# 2019-01-21

Start Time: 7:00 PM
End Time:   8:45 PM

## Attendance
 - Isai      (President)
 - Helen     (Vice President)
 - Louis     (Systems Admin)
 - Mike      (Secretary)
 - Michael   (Webmaster)
 - Ace       (Project Manager)
 - Ari       (The Architect)
 - Charlie   (Community Ambassador 2)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Immediate
 - Isai:
     - [x] Find out what is going on with that invoice
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] Locate the drive sleds & drives
### Short Term
 - Ace:
     - [x] Email Target about mock interviews
 - Helen:
     - [x] Create newsletter sign up form
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Configure hestia for MinneHack
     - [x] New router for ACM
     - [x] Update meeting times on website
     - [x] Pick up items from ece depot
 - Mike:
     - [x] food permits!!!!!
     - [ ] send volunteer email
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] ssf funding
### Medium Term
 - Ace:
     - [ ] Put LAN Party info in the wiki
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Set up intake form
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Talk to Shana about checking out Mac and/or iPad
     - [ ] Look at remote access for Mac
     - [x] Set up resume access
     - [ ] Set up ~~RSVP~~ check-in system
### Long Term
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Update website theme to be compliant with department standard
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] Update ledger every 2 weeks

## Topics for Discussion
 - Ringo: Changing date for CTF2
 - Ringo: Copy updates
 - Ari: Newsletter + MinneHack volunteer email
 - Ari: DRC email
 - Ari: Donuts with the Department
 - Helen: Printing MinneHack posters via the department
 - Ari: Class visits
 - Isai: Intel event
 - Ringo: CTF
 - Louis: Purchasing {mlbox parts, hestia raid drives}
 - Ringo: Papertrail

## Minutes
 - Ringo: Changing date for CTF2
     - Ringo: We probably shouldn't schedule an in-person event on valentine's day
     - Ringo: If we move it to Friday I can skip class
     - Louis: Systems talked about this, moving it earlier doesn't really work and valentine's day doesn't work
     - Ringo: We could also have the in-person event not be the day it starts
     - Louis: I would like it to be the day it starts
     - Louis: I think we should also not start it at 12, if lightning talks is any indication of attendance
     - Ace: Would 4-8 work?
     - Louis: That's still a little early, but it works
     - Isai: I'll reserve a room for the 15th from 4-8 and we'll see what we decide
     - Louis: Do we want to have a sign-up form for CTF 2?
     - Louis: We also need a poster, and we need to add it to the website
     - 3-115 confirmed 16-20 Feb 15th
 - Ringo: Copy updates
     - h
 - Ari: Newsletter + MinneHack volunteer email
     - Ari: These need to be sent
     - Mike: I can send the newsletter after I get the form from Louis
 - Ari: DRC email
     - Ari: We got an email from the DRC about a job posting
     - Isai: I can put it in the job postings channel
 - Ari: Donuts with the Department
     - Ari: When is the next one? We need to start planning it
     - Isai: We have money for three more this semester
     - Helen: I'll make the reservation and let you know what the date is
     - Isai: We need to tell the professors well in advance for this one to make sure they're present
 - Helen: Printing MinneHack posters via the department
     - Isai: That request is in
 - Ari: Class visits
     - Isai: I am currently the only one signed up for class visits
     - Louis: I think we should prioritize ACM events over MinneHack because we're already over capacity for RSVP's
     - Isai: I'm moving the class list to it's own sheet because it's currently in the master spreadsheet
     - **Sign up for class visits, link is in brass class**
 - Louis: MinneHack RSVP's
     - Louis: We currently have just under capacity RSVP's, but I agree with Ari that many of those people won't attend, so I think we should take more RSVP's before we cut it off
 - Isai: Intel event
     - Isai: The Intel people have been very bad about communicating with us
     - Isai: We asked them to elaborate on the event, and they haven't gotten back to us
     - Louis: We should send them an alarmingly worded email telling them we require information or we won't be able to advertise
 - Ringo: Misc CTF stuff
     - Ringo: CTF 3 advertising
         - Ringo: Start in 2/16, possibly before
         - Ringo: We need to know the number of team's we'll have about a month before the event
         - Helen: It can be mentioned briefly at MinneHack
     - Ringo: CTF 3 procurement
         - Ringo: We have a list of everything we need to buy
         - Isai: We can order them when we get the SSF money
         - Isai: We get the check the week of the 28th
     - Ringo: CTF 3 tekne copy
         - Ringo: Tekne is a Minnesota awards company, we could look at the list of people they've given cyber security awards to and email them about being sponsors
         - (https://tekneawards.org/past-recipients)
         - Isai: What are they sponsoring?
         - Ringo: Prizes, or maybe doubling up on things we're buying with SSF money
         - Ringo: We should also potentially set up a resume system for this, similar to MinneHack
         - Ace: If you write the copy for that email I'll look over it
     - Ringo: CTF 2 Ashmita
         - Louis: Ashmita agreed to write problems for CTF 2 but she hasn't yet
         - Louis: We should reach out to other people to write them or ping her
     - Ringo: More aggressive schedule for CTF 3
         - Ringo: It will be hard to write enough problems in time for the event
         - Ringo: We should put the systems committee blurb back into the newsletter to get more help with problems
         - Louis: We could have a systems interest group meeting
         - Ringo: We could also go on the frostbite thing
         - Ringo: Grad students could also help us write problems
     - Ringo: Helper people for CTF 3
         - see above, basically
         - Louis: At CTF 2, advertise the systems interest meeting and recruit people to help write problems
         - Ringo: Also see if anyone we know would be willing to write problems for us
         - Isai: I can ask people in my security class
     - Ringo: CTF 3 registration process
         - Ringo: Have a way to register your interest, then email people about dates and teams
     - Ringo: Talking to school about CTF 3
         - Ringo: Shana had something that sounded relevant to this
         - Ringo: Are we requiring people to be UMN students?
         - Louis: No, probably not
         - Ringo: Do we want to email Shana?
         - Louis: It might be a good idea to email her if you want to
 - Louis: Purchasing {mlbox parts, hestia raid drives}
     - Isai: We're waiting for Thomas on that
 - Ringo: Papertrail
     - Ace: This is a systems meeting topic
     - Louis: Agree
 - Ringo: Better CTF poster
     - Ringo: What is the process for getting better posters from Rapson
     - Ari: You have to put $20 in your Gopher Gold, then go to the computer lab in the basement
     - Ringo: Can I get reimbursed for the $20?
     - Isai: Absolutely not
 - Ringo: Prime Digital people
     - Ringo: This is people from a for-profit college that isn't a real school, are they allowed to come to MinneHack?
     - Helen: We've already turned away people from a similar institution, so we should stick to that precedent
     - Ace: I don't see the problem with accepting people from boot-camps, since they're still students
     - Ringo: The problem is that for-profit "schools" aren't accredited universities
     - **consensus: There's no harm done by allowing boot-camp people to attend, we can email the other person we emailed and reverse the decision**

## TODOs
### Immediate
 - Isai
     - [ ] Volunteers email
     - [ ] Look at money for donuts
     - [ ] Email Intel
 - Louis
     - [ ] Email events people re: ethernet
     - [ ] Email events people re: WiFi accounts
     - [ ] Make form for collecting i-card numbers and get it to mike
     - [ ] Talk to Ace about switches
 - Mike
     - [ ] Newsletter
### Short Term
 - Helen
     - [ ] Email to reserve room for donuts with the department
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Configure hestia for MinneHack
 - Mike:
     - [ ] Send MinneHack volunteer email
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] SSF funding
 - Ringo
     - [ ] Write copy for emailing companies about CTF
 - Ace
     - [ ] Review Ringo's copy
### Medium Term
 - Ace:
     - [ ] Put LAN Party info in the wiki
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Set up intake form for new members
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Talk to Shana about checking out Mac and/or iPad
     - [ ] Look at remote access for Mac
     - [ ] Set up check-in system
### Long Term
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Update website theme to be compliant with department standard
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] Update ledger every 2 weeks
