+++
title = "Minutes 2019-02-18"
template = "post.html"
date = 2019-02-18

+++
# 2019-02-18

Start Time: 2:40 PM
End Time:   3:25 PM

## Attendance
 - Isai      (President)
 - Thomas    (Treasurer)
 - Louis     (Systems Admin)
 - Jack      (Community Ambassador)
 - Cassie    (Membership)
 - Mike      (Secretary)
 - Michael   (Webmaster)
 - Ari       (The Architect)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Short Term
 - Cassie:
     - [ ] look for new images (sponsors channel discord)
     - [x] Email Misha about the MH participant survey
 - Jack:
     - [x] Respond to the CSE week email
 - Isai:
     - [ ] wash table skirt
 - Louis:
     - [ ] update door access
     - [ ] Talk to Shana about checking out Mac and/or iPad
     - [ ] Look at remote access for Mac
     - [ ] Make form for collecting i-card numbers and get it to mike
     - [ ] ~~send out mailing list~~
 - Mike:
     - [ ] Newsletter
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] coffee and donuts orders
     - [ ] SSF funding
     - [ ] Make purchase order spreadsheet
### Long Term
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Update website theme to be compliant with department standard

## Topics for Discussion
 - Cassie: Membership fee portal broken
 - Ari: Town hall
 - Isai: Elections
 - Isai: LAN party
 - Isai: Coffee & donuts posters/food requests
 - Isai: CTF 3
 - Isai: SSF update
 - Ringo: CTF 3 poster
 - Ringo: CTF 3 ryi
 - Isai: Server closet is warm
 - Jack: CSE week cookout
 - Isai: CTF email
 - Michael: Member system

## Minutes
 - Cassie: Membership fee portal broken
     - Cassie: Nevermind, I think that's actually working now
     - Cassie: Is there a way to make verifying whether someone has paid a more formal process than just DMing an officer?
     - Cassie: I can email all the people who are listed as unpaid and ask for a receipt
     - Cassie: I'll also update the wiki
 - Ari: Town hall
     - Ari: Go to it.
     - Isai: It's the 26th, from 2:30 to 4:30. Who can make it?
     - Louis: I'm free from 2:30 until 4
     - Isai: Good enough
 - Isai: Elections
     - Isai: Helen was in charge of setting that up last year
     - Isai: Do we want to do ranked voting again this year?
     - **Consensus: sure, who cares**
     - Isai: We need to choose a date for when people need to sign up for positions and when we're opening elections
     - Louis: It would be cool if the date was late March or early April so I can know whether I'm gonna be here next year
     - Isai: Early April is fine. We can open the registration after spring break
     - Louis: I think we should have a rule that you have to have to have expressed interest in a position in order to run
 - Isai: LAN party
     - Louis: We should have a planning meeting with IEEE so we know who's doing what
     - Isai: We still have the server open, and UMN eSports put the event on their schedule
     - Isai: I'll reach out to them today and see when they're available to meet
     - Louis: We should consider changing the networking for the LAN party now that Hestia is set up good
     - Louis: That wouldn't take much work because it'd be the same config as MinneHack
 - Isai: Coffee & donuts posters/food requests
     - Isai: I can print the posters after this meeting
     - Ari: I would say print more than we need and only hang up half, for when they get taken down
 - Isai: CTF 3
     - Isai: Ringo doesn't want to make the poster this time because he got yelled at for doing the last one wrong
     - Isai: We're gonna talk to Target about sponsoring prizes on Thursday
     - Isai: Once we get our money from SSF we can buy the Raspberry Pi's. We want to do that soon, because it might take a while to get delivered
     - Isai: Have you started writing challenges yet?
     - Louis: No. We're not making the source code public until the event, but that does need to get done soon.
     - Ari: Do systems meetings even exist anymore?
     - Louis: Kinda
 - Isai: SSF update
     - Isai: I misunderstood the email Sarah sent, so she's gonna email someone about getting it worked out
     - Isai: Thomas did what he was supposed to, but he doesn't have access
     - Ari: Isn't it too late?
     - Isai: We're working with Sarah, and it's better to do it than not do it
     - Isai: Alternative plan is to dip into MH fund to buy things that we'll use for MinneHack in the future
     - Louis: If we don't get SSF money for the fridge, we shouldn't ask the department for it, we should just buy it on Craigslist
     - Ari: Louis is right, especially since buying fridges isn't really what SSF is for in the first place
 - Ringo: CTF 3 register interest form
     - Louis: We wanted people to register their interest far in advance so we can choose a date
     - Isai: I like the whentomeet idea
     - Ari: We could just put a link on a poster
     - Isai: Are we picking days of the week or specific dates?
     - Ari: I would say exact dates
     - Michael: I don't think so. Can we do something else in addition to the whentomeet, like a google form?
     - Isai: There's only like two weeks we can do it during
 - Isai: Server closet is warm
     - Isai: Louis says it's within acceptable ranges
     - Louis: It could be 20 degrees hotter and still be fine
     - **Consensus: don't even worry about it bro**
 - Jack: CSE week cookout
     - Jack: We're good to go if we want to do a cookout
     - Jack: Time is the Wednesday of CSE week, 11:00 to 3:00
     - Jack: Also they want to partner with the Salvation Army this year, with sucks
     - Louis: We could run out own thing and not be affiliated with them
     - Jack: But then we'd have to get our own outdoor food permit
     - Isai: We could just not do a cookout. We're still doing the LAN party, which is part of CSE week
     - Louis: Can we email them and say we want to support a different charity
     - Jack: Yeah, I'll do that
 - Isai: CTF email
     - Isai: We got an email thanking the CTF team for doing a good job, which was very nice
     - Ari: We should respond to him
     - Isai: Michael, can you do that?
 - Michael: Member system
     - Michael: We're gonna write a member system
     - Isai: Is this Thetis?
     - Louis: No, it's a different thing that does the same thing
     - Michael: It would automatically assign the paid member role in Discord and automate events, I also threw in an attendance table just for kicks
     - Isai: Can you put in a template email functionality?
     - Michael: Yeah, we can add that in
     - Michael: What else do we want?
     - Michael: I like the idea of updating the website through git, so that'll probably stay
     - Louis: We can look through the Thetis requirements after the meeting
     - Isai: Can we move finance away from Google Docs?
     - Ari: No, it's required by the department for SSF
     - Isai: What's the timeline on this system?
     - Michael: It depends on the requirements. I'll make a repo and you can put in feature requests
     - Louis: I think we should do away with Ringo's permission system and use roles instead
     - Louis: If we want to do permissions later we can do that through roles

## TODOs
### Immediately
 - Isai:
     - [ ] Print coffee & donuts posters
### Short Term
 - Cassie:
     - [ ] Look for new images (sponsors channel discord)
 - Isai:
     - [ ] Wash table skirt
 - Jack:
     - [ ] Email CSE week about Salvation Army
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Go to the town hall
     - [ ] Talk to Irene about LAN party
     - [ ] Update door access
     - [ ] Talk to Shana about checking out Mac and/or iPad
     - [ ] Look at remote access for Mac
     - [ ] Make form for collecting i-card numbers and get it to mike
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Email Collin Smith back
 - Mike:
     - [ ] Newsletter
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] Find out whether we have our SSF money yet
     - [ ] Make purchase order spreadsheet
### Long Term
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Member system
     - [ ] Update website theme to be compliant with department standard
