+++
title = "2019-04-01 Officer Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2019-04-01

+++
# 2019-04-01

Start Time: 2:30 PM
End Time:   3:20 PM

## Attendance
 - Isai      (President)
 - Helen     (Vice President)
 - Thomas    (Treasurer)
 - Louis     (Systems Admin)
 - Jack      (Community Ambassador)
 - Cassie    (Membership)
 - Mike      (Secretary)
 - Michael   (Webmaster)
 - Ashmita   (ACM-W Vice President)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Immediately
 - Ringo:
     - [x] Print CTF posters
### Short Term
 - Cassie:
     - [ ] Look for new images (sponsors channel discord)
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Buy air fresheners
     - [x] Make inventory of stuff for the cookout
 - Isai:
     - [x] Get back to Michael Jackson from Target
     - [ ] Save general prospectus as gmail template
     - [ ] Email Mats about paid position policy
 - Louis:
     - [x] Talk to Irene about LAN party
 - Michael:
     - [x] Email previous CTF participants
     - [ ] Make a list of security classes to advertise to
### Medium Term
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Talk to Shana about checking out Mac and/or iPad
### Long Term
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Member system
     - [ ] Update website theme to be compliant with department standard

## Topics for Discussion
 - Louis: Network isolation incident
 - Isai: Printer recycle
 - Isai: Fridge
 - Isai: CTF
 - Isai: Add pictures to website
 - Isai: SSF purchases
 - Isai: Membership fee structure
 - Isai: Cookout
 - Cassie: Turning down the room temperature
 - Helen: Mystery check

## Minutes
 - Louis: Network isolation incident
     - Louis: The internet got turned off on Thursday and was off for ~2 hours
     - Louis: Michael's box was doing something that caused us to get turned off, so I unplugged us
     - Louis: This did bring up some issues with how this system is supposed to work
     - Louis: In the future this shouldn't happen, and we should get alerted in a timely manner
     - Louis: Once I figure out what the protocol will be in the future I'll add it to the wiki
 - Isai: Printer recycle
     - Isai: Where do we put the old printer
     - Louis: I'll put it in the Mech E connector
 - Isai: Fridge
     - Louis: I've been looking for leads on a new fridge, I've got some emails I'm waiting for responses to
 - Isai: CTF
     - Isai: We have 13 sign-ups, we haven't talked to any classes yet
     - Isai: Ringo was also going to email McCamant about his grad students
     - Louis: Ringo, you know what's supposed to happen wrt the pi's
     - Isai: If we get less than 30 people registered, we should tell the Target guy that attendance will be lower
     - Ringo: What's the distribution of the dates people are available so we can register the room?
     - Louis: In the past we've just reserved a bunch of days and just relinquished them when we knew for sure
     - Isai: Jack, can you help them with that after the meeting?
     - Louis: Also Ringo you should email about the grad students right now
 - Isai: Add pictures to website
     - Isai: Thomas put some pictures in the SSF presentation and I think it looks good
     - Isai: Do you all think we should put photos on the website?
     - Louis: We can do that, it should be pretty straightforward
     - Isai: We have permission to use the ones from MinneHack, we can see what it looks like for the other events
 - Isai: SSF purchases
     - Thomas: We got the money, I need to put in the requests
     - Isai: I need to use the Pcard to make purchases for the cookout
     - Louis: Can we get Ben Koch to preimburse us for the cookout
     - Thomas: Probably not, but I can check on what the reimbursement process is
     - Thomas: The other think we need to order for is the LAN party, on the 12th
     - Louis: Are Brookesource coming to the LAN party again this year?
     - Isai: I reached out but I haven't heard back
     - Louis: Do we need to have a conversation about how to get sponsors for the LAN party fairly?
     - Isai: I think the way we're doing it is fine
 - Isai: Membership fee structure
     - Isai: We get money from the department, so do we need to charge for membership?
     - Thomas: The membership fee contributes to like 0.009% of our funding
     - Louis: I think the fee is good because it's a barrier to entry
     - Isai: I think that's bad, but if we have to have a barrier, we should have people volunteer at events
     - Isai: The way it works right now is super busted with how we don't get notified and can't take cash, we should just do away with it
     - Thomas: We could also do it for if people come to events, not just volunteering
     - Ringo: How would access to the discord work with no membership fee?
     - Louis: I do think paying for the discord is weird, but there is weird stuff in the discord
     - Isai: We would probably have to lock that stuff down, yeah
     - Louis: I think the "volunteer to be a member system" is very weird
     - Ashmita: I'm in two groups that do it that way, and I think it gives more legitimacy to the group and it also lets us give priority registration to more exclusive events
     - Ashmita: We also have it set up so that going to 3 events in one semester gives you membership for the next semester
     - Isai: I guess it's too late to change it for this semester, but I've heard enough complaints about the system that I think we should change it
     - Louis: I just don't like the idea of lots of people having access to the rooms and the servers
     - Isai: That's fair, but in the current system someone can pay 5 dollars then rob us in the middle of the night
 - Isai: Cookout
     - Ashmita: What do you want from ACM-W?
     - Isai: We just need volunteers day-of, because Thomas and I have the purchasing and stuff taken care of
     - Isai: We also have people from SASE helping us this year, and we don't know how that'll work since we haven't had help in previous years
     - Isai: Thomas, email Ben today to find out what the reimbursement process is
     - Isai: I really don't know why we need more than one group tbh
     - Isai: If you come to the meeting next week we can get a sign up sheet set up
 - Louis: Officer elections
     - Nominations:
         - Mike: President, Vice President, Secretary
         - Helen: Vice President*
         - Louis: Sys admin
         - Charlie: Community Ambassador, Membership
         - Ashmita: President, Vice President, Webmaster
         - Will: Treasurer
         - Cassie: Membership
     - Louis: We should extend the deadline by a week,
     - Louis: We should also talk to people who are in here and we think might be interested
         - Alex, Ashvin?, Tony (if he gets into grad school)
     - Isai: We should also put the nominations back on the board
 - Cassie: Turning down the room temperature
     - Cassie: We got cold in the winter and had a guy turn down the cold but now it's too hot in here
     - Louis: The temperature control in the server closet was turned all the way to + and I turned it back down, so this may not be an issue anymore
 - Helen: Mystery check
     - Helen: I was looking through some unopened UMN mail, and I found a check made out to me for $150 dollars for unix class one from last year
     - Helen: What do I do with this check? Buy an exercise ball?
     - Louis: Maybe just cash it and put it in the ~~redacted~~?
     - Jack: Try to cash it and see if it bounces
     - Helen: I guess I'll do that
 - Isai: Paid position policy update
     - Isai thinks we should advertise unpaid positions if they're cool enough, there was some pushback on that
     - Louis: We could have a self/looking-for-a-bad-job role in the discord
     - Thomas: We could also make a #unpaid-work channel

## TODOs
### Immediately
 - Jack:
     - [ ] Help Ringo and Michael reserve rooms
### Short Term
 - Cassie:
     - [ ] Look for new images (sponsors channel discord)
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Buy air fresheners
 - Isai:
     - [ ] Save general prospectus as gmail template
     - [ ] Email Mats about paid position policy
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Make a list of security classes to advertise to
 - Thomas:
     - [ ] Make purchases for LAN party and CTF
### Medium Term
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Talk to Shana about checking out Mac and/or iPad
### Long Term
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Member system
     - [ ] Update website theme to be compliant with department standard
