+++
title = "2019-04-22 Officer Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2019-04-22

+++
# 2019-04-22

Start Time: 2:35 PM
End Time:   3:15 PM

## Attendance
 - Isai      (President)
 - Helen     (Vice President)
 - Thomas    (Treasurer)
 - Louis     (Systems Admin)
 - Jack      (Community Ambassador)
 - Cassie    (Membership)
 - Mike      (Secretary)
 - Ari       (The Architect)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Short Term
 - Cassie:
     - [ ] Look for new images
 - Helen:
     - [x] Make sure our donuts don't get stolen
     - [x] Buy air fresheners
 - Isai:
     - [ ] Save general prospectus ~~as Gmail template~~ in keybase
 - Helen and Thomas:
     - [ ] Meeting for dept budget
     - [x] Saturday clean
### Medium Term
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Talk to Shana about checking out Mac and/or iPad
### Long Term
 - Michael:
     - [ ] ~~Member system~~
     - [ ] Update website theme to be compliant with department standard

## Topics for Discussion
 - Isai: Verbal warnings
 - Ari: Update servers
 - Helen: Sponsor contact info for members / Louis: ACM sponsoring CodeDay
 - Helen: Making ACM less gross
     - no more publicly available reusable dishes
     - new couch
     - removal of all things in cabinets that are unused
     - removal of one or both bean bags
     - consistent vacuuming of the room
     - new fridge
     - removal of all of the smelly pillows
     - actually using membership fees to purchase room cleaning items
     - potentially getting open cabinets so people can easily grab monitors, keyboards, etc
 - Helen: Printer ink
 - Isai: Disqualifying officers who read Ringo's email from CTF 3
 - Helen: Horse picture
 - Helen: New door code, removal of old door code.
 - Helen: New carpet
 - Helen: Michael email Target about CTF
 - Louis: CSE banquet (we were nominated for tin man award)
 - Helen: Election results

## Minutes
 - Isai: Verbal warnings
     - Isai: Last week Louis and I yelled at each other, so I gave both of us verbal warnings
     - Helen: What is the point of the verbal warning? If it happens again, will anything be done about it?
     - Isai: Yes, we need to be more professional during meetings especially
 - Ari: Update servers
     - Louis: I updated them over the weekend
     - Ringo: All of them? We should also make sure member servers get updated regularly
 - Helen: Sponsor contact info for members / Louis: ACM sponsoring CodeDay
     - Helen: Are we able/should we give sponsor info to Charile for CodeDay?
     - Isai: I'm in favor of it, but we should ask the sponsors first
     - Louis: Since Charile will be an officer within half an hour, we could in good faith say that we're sponsoring CodeDay and maybe get our logo on stuff
 - Helen: Making ACM less gross
     - No more publicly available reusable dishes
         - Amethyst removed most of their dishes, they'll get the rest later
         - Personal mugs are fine, but they need to be washed regularly and maybe labeled
     - New couch
         - Helen found a nice couch for 330 dollars, and we have the money for it
         - We should also get cushion covers that aren't plastic
         - Isai/Thomas: Should we use department funds for this?
         - Helen: No, we should use the extra money we have sitting around
         - Thomas: It would be good to not use up our emergency funds
         - Helen: That wouldn't hurt, but it would make us have to wait
             - Ask for the money: Ari, Isai, Louis, Thomas
             - Spend money: Helen
     - Removal of all unused things in cabinets
         - Helen has done that already and labeled them
         - Helen: I'd like to that for the hardware lab and server closet in the future
     - Removal of one or both bean bags
         - We could remove the shelf and minifridge to free up space
         - Potentially put the beanbags away when not in use
         - Rearranging the room as a whole is a bigger accessibility issue
         - Part of the whiteboard being inaccessible is all the permanent shit on it
     - Consistent vacuuming
         - Helen: I think once a week, minimum
         - Louis: We should choose a person to be in charge of vacuuming at each meeting
         - This week it's Thomas
     - New fridge
         - Louis is trying to find a free one on craigslist but he's busy
         - Isai: If it's taking this long to find one, we might as well request funds for it
     - Removal of all of the smelly pillows
         - Helen: Some of the pillows have a scent
         - Helen: We should wash the blankets and replace the pillows
         - Ari: We can wash the pillows
         - Louis: Let's get pillows with washable covers
     - Using membership fees to purchase room cleaning items
         - Helen: We collect fees for room stuff but we don't actually spend it
         - Helen: We should buy Clorox wipes and stuff
         - Thomas: We have some of that stuff coming from requests
         - Helen: I know, but we can buy more now
         - Louis: Are we actually getting the SSF money?
         - Isai: Probably not
     - Getting open cabinets so people can easily grab monitors, keyboards, etc
         - Helen: I don't think we should do that anymore
 - Helen: Printer ink
     - Thomas: It's bought
     - Helen: I think every time we get down to one ink unit, we should buy more
     - Thomas: Sure, also don't buy the HP brand because it's more expensive
 - Isai: Disqualifying officers who read Ringo's email from CTF 3
     - Isai: I read the email so I think I should be disqualified
     - Mike and Helen didn't read the email and will still be competing
     - Ari: If people get suspicious that could be bad optics
 - Helen: Horse picture
     - Consensus: The horse pic fucking rules and we need to display it prominently
 - Helen: New door code, removal of old door code
     - Helen: We should get rid of the old door code, too many people know it
     - Helen: I think the new code should only go to Mike, Louis, and I
     - Mike: I think that's way too narrow, it should be all the elected officers
     - Louis: It's kind of a moot point, since we let everyone in with card access anyway
     - Louis: Over the summer I might set up the robot to open the door
 - Helen: New carpet
     - Helen: I think we should request new carpet and get facilities to install it this time
 - Helen: Michael email Target about CTF
     - Michael already did that
 - Louis: CSE banquet (we were nominated for tin man award)
     - Louis: Someone should go to that
     - Helen: Mike and I will go
     - Isai: It's a week from today at 5:30 in the Mississippi room
     - Isai: You need to RSVP today
 - Helen: Step stool
     - Helen: We should get a step stool
     - Ari: That's fine but let's talk about purchase stuff later
     - Cassie: That's also the kind of thing that'll become clutter in two semesters
 - Helen: Election Results
     - President:               Helen      (13/15 votes)
     - Vice President:          Mike       (14/15 votes)
     - Treasurer:               Nathan     (14/15 votes)
     - Sys Admin:               Louis      (15/15 votes)
     - Community Ambassador:    Charlie    (15/15 votes)
     - Membership:              Cassie     (15/15 votes)
     - Secretary:               Charile    (10/15 votes)
     - Webmaster:               Ashmita    (14/15 votes)

## TODOs
### Short Term
 - Cassie:
     - [ ] Look for new images
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Ask for new carpet
     - [ ] Reserve the transition dinner
 - Isai:
     - [ ] Save general prospectus ~~as Gmail template~~ in keybase
 - Jack:
     - [ ] Work with Charile to get CodeDay sponsors
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Put LAN party stuff away
 - Helen and Thomas:
     - [ ] Meeting for dept budget
### Medium Term
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Talk to Shana about checking out Mac and/or iPad
     - [ ] Organize server closet (Thomas and Helen will help?)
### Long Term
 - Michael:
     - [ ] Update website theme to be compliant with department standard
