+++
title = "2019-10-23 Officer Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2019-10-23

+++
# 2019-10-23

Start Time: 19:30
End Time:   20:54

## Attendance
- Helen    (President)
- Mike     (Vice President)
- Nathan   (Treasurer)
- Louis    (Systems Admin)
- Charlie  (Community Ambassador)
- Hemant   (Membership)
- ~~Ashmita  (Webmaster)~~
- Charles  (Secretary)
- Cole     (Committee Member)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Today
- Charles:
  - [ ] lan party emails (in progress)
- Nathan:
  - [x] Email Ecolab
- Everyone:
  - [x] update internal officer information.
### One Week
- Ashmita
  - [ ] ~~Newsletters on site~~
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Talk to all sponsors on list
- Helen:
  - [ ] Complete PCard training
  - [ ] email ben koch
  - [ ] Delete PayPal (with charles)
  - [ ] talk to CSE IT, department about labs for unix classes
  - [ ] Talk to sponsors
  - [ ] talk to chairs and tables guy
  - [ ] talk to darielle about site visit next semester
- Mike:
  - [x] Update papertrail recipients
- Nathan:
  - [x] Do laundry over the weekend
  - [ ] Complete PCard training
  - [ ] Do SSF application stuff (by Oct 24) (in progress)
  - [ ] ask department about beat saber in the budget
### Four Weeks
- Mike:
  - [ ] Migrate all ACM files to the team drive (in progress)
- Louis:
  - [ ] Finish CTF write ups
  - [ ] Scan the old pictures
### Blocked/Long Term
- Louis:
  - [ ] Write CTF running guide
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
  - [ ] Talk to OIT/NTS about MinneHack networking
  - [ ] Set up mail on acm domain

## Suggestions
None

## Leadership Interest Form
None

## Topics for Discussion
- Louis: check ngn conv date
- Ace: ACM symposium Palantir sponsorship (should we send a letter to ACM national?)
- Helen: CTF
- Helen: SDC
- Helen: Pizza
- Nathan: SSF funding update/advertising clause
- Nathan: Minnehack SSF reqest
- Charles: LAN Party

## Minutes
- Louis: check ngn conv date
  - Louis: email, ignore
- Ace: ACM symposium Palantir sponsorship (should we send a letter to ACM national?)
  - Helen: ACM symposium is working with palantir, they generally do ethically sketchy things.
  - Mike: Specifically, they work with ICE.
  - Helen: It looks like Ace wants to send an email, saying that it's bad on account of violating your code of conduct. I think it's a good idea, I do not have energy to do it. When is the symposium?
  - Helen: The symposium is next week. (28th)
  - Charles: Can we ask Ace to do it.
  - Hemant: I can work on it.
  - Helen: Put it in the main drive folder, and I can ask Ace if they want input.
  - Charles: we can all sign it.
  - Helen: Every officer who wants to sign it can sign it.
- Helen: CTF
  - Helen: Louis, how are you feeling with regards to CTF.
  - Louis: We should start thinking about that.
  - Helen: What do you need for CTF to happen?
  - Louis: A bunch of problems to be written.
  - Helen: When do you need these things by.
  - Louis: Before the start of the event. (Dec 3)
  - Hemant: There are unsolved problems from last year, I think.
  - Helen: We can make this a topic every week, there should be more support for this year.
  - Charlie: We could send an email to a professor.
  - Louis: If anyone wants to write problems, do.
  - Helen: How many problems do you want written?
  - Louis: At least 20.
  - Hemant: we can re-use the one from the bridge.
  - Louis: we can talk to mikel about that.
  - Helen: I think we're 5 weeks out.
  - Helen: let me know if you need help talking to profs
  - Louis: lets have it end fri at 1500 unless otherwise specified
- Helen: SDC
  - Helen: we need to figure out prizes.
  - pre-buy
  - Mike: should we only do first and second since there are only 3 teams.
  - Helen: I am thinking that we should only do one
  - Mike: i feel like I wouldnt want to be the only one who does not get a prize
  - Helen: yeah
  - Charles: what happens with leftover prizes?
  - Louis: Rot in the closet.
  - Helen: how many prizes do we want to do?
  - Nathan: I will buy the prizes in a timely maner. This is on the record.
  - Helen: ask them if we can use them later, if yes there really isn't a reason to not pre-buy.
- Helen: Pizza
  - Helen: We should change our normal pizza order. We should not get the second cheese.
  - Mike: I think that we should not ever run out of the safe option (cheese)
  - Nathan: we can use the money from the not pizza to balance the budget.
- Nathan: SSF funding update/advertising clause
  - Nathan: Any event where we fund it by SSF we need to put "funded by [ssf] in the advertisment"
  - Nathan: since we are requesting big money, we need to do a presentation to justify the request.
- Nathan: Minnehack SSF reqest
  - Nathan; in past years, we had a separate sheet for minnehack, why is this?
  - Helen: we only made that to make the graph.
  - Nathan: what do we want to request?
  - Charles: we are already requesting coffman.
  - Helen: I think busses, too. (coach bus and john with the teens)
  - Nathan: promotional items? probably not
  - Helen: we for sure cannot request shirts. maybe the lanyards and the bags.
  - Helen: I also think that we should ask for qdoba money, that is one of our largest expenses.
- Charles: LAN Party
  - Charles: UMN eSports say they want to do Overwatch again and they think CS:GO is a good idea as well
  - Charles: They'll work out whether 4v4 or 2v2 is better
  - Helen: Make sure you invite them to our LAN Party discord also
  - Hemant: I can go to IEEE's meeting next week
  - Charles: I also intend to go if I'm free
  - Helen: Tell them we're working on the poster already
  - Hemant: I just talked to IEEE, they said their meeting are weds at 6 and they already talked about LAN party
  - Hemant: They said they would email us
  - Helen: Okay, please still go to the meeting because we want to make sure things happen.
  - Helen: I will email the chairs and tables guy about chairs and tables, we have the atrium reserved, and we have money for pizza.
- Hemant: SESB
  - Hemant: nothing relevant to our group operations happened in either meeting
  - Hemant: the most recent one was the deans doing a Q&A, but we were the ones answering the questions
  - Hemant: both meetings have just been free market research and a tirade about how CSE is so unique
- Charles: Donuts
  - Charles: We should make a list like we have for Donuts for talking to professors
  - Charles: We should also ask professors to announce it to their classes if they're coming

## TODOs
### Newsletter
- Events
- MinneHack (with link)
### Today
- Charles:
  - [ ] LAN Party emails (in progress) (invite people to discord)
  - [ ] Make spreadsheet of profs to talk to for donuts
- Helen:
  - [ ] Email ben koch
  - [ ] Talk to CSE IT, department about labs for unix classes
  - [ ] Talk to chairs and tables guy
  - [ ] Talk to darielle about site visit next semester
  - [ ] Get ownership of LAN Party discord
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Put officer numbers in phone
### One Week
- Charles:
  - [ ] Newsletters on site
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Talk to all sponsors on list
- Helen:
  - [ ] Complete PCard training
  - [ ] Delete PayPal (with charles)
  - [ ] Talk to sponsors
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Go to IEEE meeting (LAN Party)
- Louis:
  - [ ] Write problems for CTF
  - [ ] Talk to members about writing problems (Cole, Nathan, Ê°emant)
  - [ ] Talk to profs about CTF problems
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Complete PCard training
  - [ ] Do SSF application stuff (by Oct 27) (in progress)
  - [ ] Ask department about Beat Saber in the budget
### Four Weeks
- Mike:
  - [ ] Migrate all ACM files to the team drive (in progress)
- Louis:
  - [ ] Finish CTF write ups
  - [ ] Scan the old pictures
### Blocked/Long Term
- Louis:
  - [ ] Write CTF running guide
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
  - [ ] Talk to OIT/NTS about MinneHack networking
  - [ ] Set up mail on acm domain
