+++
title = "Minutes 2020-09-28"
template = "post.html"
date = 2020-09-28
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2020-09-28 Online Meeting

Start Time: 17:05
End Time:   17:43

## Attendance
- Charles    (President)
- Mike       (Vice President)
- Cole       (Treasurer)
- Kelton     (Treasurer)
- Hemant     (Systems Admin)
- Andrew     (Webmaster)
- ~~Louis~~

## Last Week's TODOs
### Today
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Email Electrical Guy about 220v lines & tripped breaker
  - [ ] Email Irene
### One Week
- Andrew:
  - [x] Download gopherlink pics
- Charles:
  - [ ] Get SDC Planned
- Mike:
  - [ ] Annual report (pending money info)
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
- Cole/Kelton:
  - [ ] Update on SSF disaster
  - [ ] Talk to Shana about getting ACM national accounts
### Four Weeks
- Andrew, Hemant, Kelton, Louis:
  - [ ] Write CTF problems
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Plan Ecolab, SPS think talks (blocked)
  - [ ] Find sock person (blocked)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge

## Topics for Discussion
- Putting social hour on website
- New newsletter
- UNIX classes
- Paper pals update

## Minutes
- Putting social hour on website
  - Kelton: We should do this, I got some questions about when we meet at the student groups panel
  - Mike: Are our normal meeting times on the website either? I think that should be there too
  - Andrew: I think we should rewrite all the references to the room to be about discord instead, at least temporarily
- New newsletter
  - Kelton: We should be sending more newsletters to let people know about events
  - Mike: I agree, I can send one out about UNIX classes after the meeting
- UNIX classes
  - Mike: I think we should advertise them
  - Kelton: We can just send out an email and ping people on discord
  - Hemant: when are UNIX classes again?
  - Mike: Tomorrow, but since we haven't formally announced them we could push them back
  - Cole: It looks like if we push them back further than one week, there'll be too much overlap with other events
  - Kelton: I have some free time, I could take over for just this first class
  - Andrew: I think the main issue is not having advertised them, aside from the student group panel
  - Kelton: Oh that's true, we did announce unix classes at the panel. In that case I'd rather do them tomorrow
  - Kelton: what platform are we using this year?
  - Hemant: I was going to have people join a discord voice channel and use tmux instead of screen sharing
  - a lot of arguing about terminals
  - Mike: Ok, who is doing the first UNIX class?
  - Andrew: I think it's best to just move it back, we don't have time to plan it tonight
- Paper pals update
  - Kelton: Lucas will be there to give a short talk about the paper
  - Charlie: Cool
  - Kelton: They should also be on the website

### Newsletter
- Unix class delay
- Paper pals
  - z.umn.edu/paperpals2020

## TODOs
### Today
- N/a
### One Week
- Andrew:
  - [ ] Put meeting times on website
  - [ ] Put paper pals on website
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Bug CAT about SDC
  - [ ] Get SDC Planned
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Plan UNIX classes
  - [ ] Email Electrical Guy about 220v lines & tripped breaker
  - [ ] Email Irene
- Mike:
  - [ ] Annual report (pending money info)
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
- Cole/Kelton:
  - [ ] Update on SSF disaster
  - [ ] Talk to Shana about getting ACM national accounts
### Four Weeks
- Andrew, Hemant, Kelton, Louis:
  - [ ] Write CTF problems
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Plan Ecolab, SPS think talks (blocked)
  - [ ] Find sock person (blocked)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge
