+++
title = "2020-05-12 Online Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2020-05-12

+++
# 2020-05-12 Online Meeting

Start Time: 16:36
End Time:   16:53

## Attendance
- ~~Helen      (President)~~
- Mike       (Vice President)
- Nathan     (Treasurer)
- ~~Louis      (Systems Admin)~~
- Charles    (Community Ambassador)
- ~~Hemant     (Membership)~~
- ~~Ashmita    (Webmaster)~~
- Cole       (Secretary)
- Kelton

## Last Week's TODOs
### Today
- Cole:
  - [x] Send officer election sign-up email
- Helen:
  - [ ] Reply to DSCC email
  - [ ] Contact Neil about his server
- Louis:
  - [ ] Email Slack / look at how to get messages
- Mike:
  - [x] Write election sign-up form
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
### One Week
- Charles:
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info (tier outline is done) (in progress)
- Cole:
  - [ ] ~~Pre-Approval Forms~~
    - label maker
    - cleaning stuff
- Kelton:
  - [ ] ~~Pre-Approval Forms~~
    - bins
- Louis:
  - [ ] ~~Do the laundry~~
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at Google Drive backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Pay IEEE for da sodas!!!
### Four Weeks
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu
- Louis and Hemant:
  - [ ] Mail server
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charlie:
  - [ ] ~~Plan Ecolab think talk (in progress) (fall semester?)~~
  - [ ] ~~Will SPS do a think talk? (in progress) (fall semester?)~~
  - [ ] ~~Find sock person (in progress) (blocked)~~
- Louis:
  - [ ] Deal with garbage servers and hubs
  - [ ] Deal with server hard drive trays
  - [ ] Deal with Rails on top of the food cabinet
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki

## Topics for Discussion
- ~~Namecheap invoice~~
- Elections
- Movie night

## Minutes
- Elections
  - Charlie: I think we got an email about a deadline for that?
  - Cole: That was from national, and they basically said don't worry about it for nowow
  - Mike: Ok it looks like we have two responses on the form
  - Mike: Oh maybe I should fill this out. Do we want to move ahead with just these people?
  - Nathan: Who all should fill this out? Just new people?
  - Kelton: I think everyone planning on running should fill it out
  - Cole: What should the deadline be?
  - Nathan: I want it to be soon so I can start teaching the new treasurer
  - Cole: Let's say the cutoff is a week from today (the 19th). I'll send out a reminder email tomorrow
  - Kelton: Maybe also make an announcement in the discord
  - Mike: I'll send the link in brass-class also
  - Mike:
- Movie night
  - Charlie: Is there a movie any of you want to see?
  - Kelton: I don't think anyone watched Fargo last week, we could do it this week
  - Charlie: Cool
  - Charlie: Wait, does anyone have a copy we can use?
  - Cole: I'll check later

## Things to say
- If you continually do not do your tasks, please ask someone to do them. It is better to have someone a little bit grumpy at you than for them not to get done.

### Newsletter
- Officer form reminder

## TODOs
### Today
- Helen:
  - [ ] Reply to DSCC email
  - [ ] Contact Neil about his server
- Louis:
  - [ ] Email Slack / look at how to get messages
- Mike:
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
### One Week
- Charles:
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Cole:
  - [ ] Send election form reminder email
  - [ ] Send election form announcement
- Louis:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at Google Drive backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Pay IEEE for da sodas!!!
- Everyone
  - [ ] Fill out election sign-up form
### Four Weeks
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu
- Louis and Hemant:
  - [ ] Mail server
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Plan Ecolab, SPS think talks (blocked)
  - [ ] Find sock person (blocked)
- Louis:
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] Deal with garbage servers and hubs
  - [ ] Deal with server hard drive trays
  - [ ] Deal with Rails on top of the food cabinet
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies, bins)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
