+++
title = "Minutes 2020-10-12"
template = "post.html"
date = 2020-10-12
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2020-10-12 Online Meeting

Start Time: 17:05
End Time:   17:35

## Attendance
- Charles    (President)
- Mike       (Vice President)
- Cole       (Treasurer)
- Kelton     (Treasurer)
- Hemant     (Systems Admin)
- Andrew     (Webmaster)
- ~~Louis~~

## Last Week's TODOs
### Today
- N/a
### One Week
- Andrew:
  - [x] covid-ify the website
  - [x] tool time on resources page
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Get SDC Planned
- Mike:
  - [ ] Annual report (pending money info)
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
- Cole/Kelton:
  - [x] Department request
  - [ ] Talk to Shana about getting ACM national accounts
### Four Weeks
- Andrew, Hemant, Kelton, Louis:
  - [ ] Write CTF problems
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Plan Ecolab, SPS think talks (blocked)
  - [ ] Find sock person (blocked)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge

## Topics for Discussion
- WAN party
- SDC
- Papertrail
- Student org fair
- Wiki
- MinneHack
- Opaque

## Minutes
- WAN party
  - Andrew: IEEE sent us an email about hosting some kind of online lan party
  - Andrew: I was thinking we could do some kind of match-making service
  - Mike: Last time we talked about this we decided the gamers would be better off doing this themselves since they don't need us to set up networking equipment or buy pizza
  - Andrew: Alright, I can just reply and say that
- SDC
  - Charlie: The CAT guy wanted to push it back more, so we need to talk about the schedule before that can happen
  - Mike: We don't have anything else on Fridays for the rest of the year, it shouldn't be too much hassle to push it back
  - Charlie: Any objection to moving it back two weeks?
  - No
  - Charlie: Ok, I'll email him and tell him that
  - Charlie: We also need to figure out what's happening at the actual event. We should have another meeting between now and next Monday
  - Mike: We should update the times on the website also
- Papertrail
  - Hemant: I changed my mind, I think we should keep it now
  - Hemant: We should actually set it again up though
- Student org fair
  - Kelton: We just got an email about that. Do we want to sign up for this?
  - Mike: I think we probably should. What does it involve?
  - Kelton: We just have to schedule a zoom meeting with like a presentation
  - Mike: Do we still have the one we used last time?
  - Kelton: Yeah, but it might be weird to give the same presentation like 100 times
  - Mike: That's what org fairs are in person anyway
  - Mike: What day is it?
  - Kelton: 10/23 from 11:00 to 3:00
  - Mike: Ok, I don't have class that day so I can be there
  - Kelton: Me too. I'll fill out the registration form
- Wiki
  - Kelton: I was thinking recently that we don't offer anything that people who aren't server nerds would want
  - Kelton: I think now would be a good time to actually fill out the bookstack to supplement people not being able to hang out in the room and ask questions
  - Kelton: I know other colleges do a "disorientation" where they teach like stuff the U won't teach you that you probably should know
  - Andrew: We were talking about doing this last semester for 2041 right
  - Kelton: Yeah that would be a good one, since there's no textbook
  - Andrew: It might be hard to keep it in line with curriculum
  - Kelton: I think this should be a member exclusive thing, like people have to login with their x500 to see it
- MinneHack
  - Charlie: We need to at least get it scheduled
  - Mike: When is the great hall reserved for?
  - Charlie: 1/23
  - Cole: Wait did we actually reserve it? We didn't request SSF funds for it
  - Charlie: We got an email saying all events are cancelled
  - Kelton: That would go in the spring request anyway
  - Cole: Do we still need the physical great hall?
  - Mike: No, I just think the time we already had scheduled is still the best time to do it
  - Charlie: Oh we also need to reserve it for next year
  - Kelton: When do we usually reserve it?
  - Mike: We usually get an email telling us it's time
  - Charlie: Yeah, we got that in April
  - Mike: Ah
  - Mike: Ok when is the superbowl next year
  - Charlie: we should reserve it for 1/22/22
  - Mike: Ok it looks like we can't reserve stuff more than a year out
  - Mike: Guess we'll check back in in January
- Opaque
  - Hemant: I was just checking to see if there was any progress, since this is more important for online MinneHack
  - Kelton: I think there still hasn't been any work yet, people have been busy

### Newsletter
- We'll see how it feels

## TODOs
### Today
- Andrew:
  - [ ] Update sdc dates on website
### One Week
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Get SDC Planned
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Set up papertrail again
- Kelton:
  - [ ] Student org fair registration form
- Mike:
  - [ ] Annual report (pending money info)
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
- Cole/Kelton:
  - [ ] Talk to Shana about getting ACM national accounts
### Four Weeks
- Andrew, Hemant, Kelton, Louis:
  - [ ] Write CTF problems
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Plan Ecolab, SPS think talks (blocked)
  - [ ] Find sock person (blocked)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] Reserve great hall for 2022 (can't do more than a year in advance)
