+++
title = "2020-06-16 Online Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2020-06-16

+++
# 2020-06-16 Online Meeting

Start Time: 16:30
End Time:   17:40

## Attendance
- Charles    (President)
- Mike       (Vice President)
- Cole       (Treasurer)
- Kelton     (Treasurer)
- Hemant     (Systems Admin)
- Andrew     (Webmaster)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Today
- Mike:
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
- Somebody:
  - [ ] ~~Reply to DSCC email~~
  - [ ] ~~Contact Neil about his server~~
  - [ ] ~~Email Slack / look at how to get messages~~
  - [ ] ~~Email CTF club guy~~
  - [ ] ~~Ping Andrew about CTF club guy~~
### One Week
- Charles:
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Somebody:
  - [ ] ~~Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting~~
  - [ ] ~~Look at using google drive for backup~~
  - [ ] ~~Inventory member machines~~
  - [ ] ~~Change table to be public-DHCP~~
  - [ ] ~~Throw away the bad machines~~
  - [ ] ~~Pay IEEE for da sodas!!!~~
### Four Weeks
- Charlie:
  - [ ] ~~Try to get minnehack@umn.edu~~
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Mail server
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Plan Ecolab, SPS think talks (blocked)
  - [ ] Find sock person (blocked)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies~~, bins~~)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] ~~Deal with garbage servers and hubs~~
  - [ ] ~~Deal with server hard drive trays~~
  - [ ] ~~Deal with Rails on top of the food cabinet~~
  - [ ] ~~Talk to someone about power for closet~~
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] ~~10Gb project (pending Irene)~~

## Topics for Discussion
- Reassign TODOs?
- New meeting time?
- Website problems

## Minutes
- Reassign TODOs?
  - Done, except for some long term stuff
- New meeting time?
  - whentomeet in brass-class
  - New time is Mondays at 5:00
  - Mike: I will change the calendar, website, etc
- Website problems
  - Charles: Is this the certificate?
  - Mike: That's one of them
  - Louis: The cert is renewed, it just doesn't automatically restart nginx
  - Louis: There's also definitely something wrong with dip
  - Louis: That should just get replaced, tbh
  - Cole: What is that?
  - Louis: It's the binary that pulls the repo and runs gutenberg when there's a new push
  - Mike: Is it possible to fix it in the meantime before it gets replaced?
  - Louis: I'll see what I can do
- Social distancing in the rooom
  - Mike: What should the new rules be?
  - Cole: WHat are the U's rules? Is it two meters?
  - Charles: This is still pretty far away
  - Cole: The U said they want all classrooms and clubs to be in compliance with their distancing rules
  - Charles: ooh
  - Mike: What are those policies?
  - Cole: I'm looking at my emails rn
  - Kelton: (reading from guidelines) "break rooms and gathering rooms should be closed for gatherings or whatever"
  - Charles: We should maybe say one person per individual table
  - Charles: We could probably get four at the big table, one at the battlestation, and one at the side table
  - Kelton: And probably a mask policy
  - Kelton: Probably no more eating in the room, since you'd need to take off your mask to eat
  - Kelton: We'll need to formalize this at some point
  - Cole: This probably doesn't need to be in the constitution, but we should post these rules on the door at some point
- Keybase
  - Mike: Someone who still talks to Ringo please make him stop being the owner of our keybase organization
  - Hemant: Are we still using keybase? I thought it was on the way out
  - Charles: We're not, but for now it's what we're still using
  - Cole: We tried to migrate to something else but nothing worked
  - Mike: The only thing we use keybase for in the first place is the passwords file, we could just move that somewhere else
  - Kelton: Someone could pretty easily make a flask whatever to host that
  - Hemant: We could also have an acm gpg key. we could even just export the keybase key
  - Cole: What if I don't want to use gpg, or i'm on a machine i don't want my key to be on?
  - (this didn't get answered we got sidetracked)
  - Mike: Andrew and Kelton msg me your keybase usernames so i can add you to the team in the meantime

## Things to say
- If you continually do not do your tasks, please ask someone to do them. It is better to have someone a little bit grumpy at you than for them not to get done.

### Newsletter
- N/a

## TODO
### Today
- Helen:
  - [ ] Contact Neil about his server
- Mike:
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
### One Week
- Charles:
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Cole:
  - [ ] Pay IEEE for da sodas!!!
- Louis:
  - [ ] Tell Irene/whoever that Hemant is in charge now
  - [ ] Make Ringo stop being in the keybase
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Tell the department that Cole and Kelton are in charge now (?)
- Hemant:
  - [ ] nginx reload cron job
### Four Weeks
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Mail server
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Plan Ecolab, SPS think talks (blocked)
  - [ ] Find sock person (blocked)
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge
