+++
title = "Minutes 2020-08-31"
template = "post.html"
date = 2020-08-31
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2020-08-31 Online Meeting

Start Time: 17:05
End Time:   18:15

## Attendance
- Charles    (President)
- Mike       (Vice President)
- Cole       (Treasurer)
- Kelton     (Treasurer)
- Hemant     (Systems Admin)
- Andrew     (Webmaster)
- Louis

## Last Week's TODOs
### Today
- N/a
### One Week
- Hemant:
  - [x] Email the door guy again
- Mike:
  - [ ] Send newsletter
  - [ ] Talk to Nathan about annual report
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
  - [ ] ~~Message Ashmita about keys~~
- Cole/Kelton:
  - [ ] Talk to Shana about getting national accounts
### Four Weeks
- N/a
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Plan Ecolab, SPS think talks (blocked)
  - [ ] Find sock person (blocked)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge

## Topics for Discussion
- SESB
- Membership
- Secretary
- Update Gopherlink/SSF contact
- Set weekly hangout time
- Money for server stuff
- Waive membership fees update
- Outdoor meet ACM

## Minutes
- SESB
  - Charlie: We got an email about the SESB meeting that happened, I don't know if we still care about those
  - Hemant: As the person who went to those last semester: no, we don't. It's all marketing stuff
- Membership
  - Charlie: I don't remember why I put this here
- Secretary
  - Charlie: Noor says she might be interested in being secretary and potentially webmaster in the future
  - Charlie: That's not actionable right now, I just wanted to bring it up
- Update Gopherlink/SSF contact
  - Kelton: We got an email telling us we need to do that
  - Mike: I already updated the gopherlink contacts, I don't know about ssf
  - Kelton: I think that's still nathan
  - Mike: Does anyone know how to make someone else the ssf contact?
  - Cole: I can include it in my email to Shana
  - Kelton: wait, there's a form I can just fill out right now
  - Cole: We also got an email saying ssf is getting pushed back two weeks with the start of the semester
  - Cole: That means we'll have to wait to get funds
  - Kelton: It does give us more time to think about what we want to request
- Money for server stuff
  - Cole: There are some servers in brass class we could request from ssf
  - Mike: Would we be spending money that we need for something else?
  - Cole: No, the only thing we ever buy normally is pizza
  - Louis: I'm always in favor of new servers, but we're reaching the point where we'll need to talk to the electrician about power in the closet
  - Louis: we should also make sure the existing servers are set up for people to use them before we ask for more, in case the department wants justification for more
  - Louis: We need to have a page where people sign up for server accounts we can point to
  - Kelton: So we're all agreed that we need more servers
  - Louis: What kind of servers do we want then?
  - Hemant: If we're going whole hog on virtualization I think we should get a cpu with a high core count
  - Louis: We might need to settle for just using garlic for now, it might look bad if we request the same thing twice
  - Andrew: I've sat in on a meeting before, it seemed like they were more interested in the ratio between number off students' fees we're spending vs how many students are impacted by the purchase
  - Louis: What I'm saying is that they do look at past reports to decide
  - Kelton: I think it might be a good idea to get more gpus for garlic, since some of the ones it's using now are member property
  - Cole: Do we have a machine that can handle running a webserver for online minnehack?
  - Louis: I don't know what we want out of the program, but any one of our machines should be able to do that pretty easily
- Waive membership fees update
  - Kelton: Currently there's no record of where the membership fees go after we get them
  - Charlie: I don't think that's a problem, the department handles all our money anyway
  - Kelton: So how do we buy things then?
  - Charlie: You submit a purchase request and then either they buy it for you or you check out the p-card
  - Kelton: If that's the case then I guess waiving membership fees is fine
  - Louis: There are also two strings, one for acm and one for minnehack, but there's one account
  - Louis: When you check out a p-card it's tied to an account string on the u's end, but to the merchant it's just a normal credit card
  - Kelton: I think we can just not collect membership fees and not have that money
  - Louis: I think we'll need to vote on the bylaws to approve that, but otherwise yeah
  - Kelton: If people have already paid before we change the rules we can just comp them for next time we charge fees
  - Louis: Ordinarily the reason we charge fees is to have some way to determine who gets door access, but since there's no room access this semester that's not a problem
- Outdoor meet ACM
  - Charlie: We should do something in the keller courtyard or in the mall where people meet but not too close
  - Kelton: I think the U sent us an email telling us explicitly not to do that for september at least
  - Charlie: Oh, okay
- IRC bridge permissions
  - Kelton: We already figured this out
- Set weekly hangout time
  - Thursday at 3pm

### Newsletter
- Announce that the room will remain closed

## TODOs
### Today
- Cole:
  - [ ] Update SSF contact
  - [ ] Email Shana
    - [ ] SSF 2020
      - [ ] How do?
      - [ ] Due Date?
    - [ ] P-Card Training
    - [ ] Spring 2020 Networking Purchases
    - [ ] Cleaning Supply Purchases
- [ ] Hemant:
  - [ ] Email Electrical Guy about 220v lines & tripped breaker
  - [ ] Email Irene about 10Gig
### One Week
- Mike:
  - [ ] Send newsletter
  - [ ] Talk to Nathan about annual report
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
- Cole/Kelton:
  - [ ] Talk to Shana about getting national accounts
### Four Weeks
- N/a
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Plan Ecolab, SPS think talks (blocked)
  - [ ] Find sock person (blocked)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge
