+++
title = "Minutes 2020-02-24"
template = "post.html"
date = 2020-02-24

+++
# 2020-02-24 Officer Meeting

Start Time: 18:35
End Time:   19:10

## Attendance
- Helen      (President)
- Mike       (Vice President)
- Nathan     (Treasurer)
- ~~Louis      (Systems Admin)~~
- Charles    (Community Ambassador)
- ~~Hemant     (Membership)~~
- ~~Ashmita    (Webmaster)~~
- Cole       (Secretary)

## TODOs
### Today
- Charles:
  - [x] Plan tigergraph think talk
  - [ ] Plan Ecolab think talk (in progress)
  - [ ] Will SPS do a think talk? (in progress)
  - [x] Talk to Darielle about Target site visit
- Helen:
  - [ ] Contact Neil about his server
  - [x] make paper pals zlink
- Louis:
  - [ ] Deal with garbage servers and hubs
  - [ ] Deal with server hard drive trays
  - [ ] Deal with Rails on top of the food cabinet
### One Week
- Ashmita:
  - [ ] Update officer wiki
- Charles:
  - [ ] Find sock person (in progress)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info (tier outline is done) (in progress)
  - [ ] officer wiki
- Cole:
  - [ ] Update officer wiki
- Helen:
  - [ ] Update officer wiki
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Update officer wiki
- Louis:
  - [ ] Update officer wiki
  - [ ] Look at & Set up backups to Google Drive
  - [ ] Get member information for server closet
- Mike:
  - [ ] Update officer wiki
- Nathan:
  - [x] Ship the tablets back to Optum
  - [ ] Update officer wiki
  - [x] acquire donuts
  - [ ] acquire pizza (yes but new)
### Four Weeks
- Louis and Hemant:
  - [ ] Mail server
### Blocked/Long Term
- Louis:
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Louis and Hemant:
  - [ ] Make the website bad for april fools (SpOnGeBoB TeXt)

## Topics for Discussion
- Charlie: CTF Scheduling
- Charlie: TigerGraph
- Charlie: Target Site Visit
- Charlie: minnehack@umn.edu
- Louis: Move UNIX classes
- Nathan: GopherLink events
- Nathan: Tax meeting time
- Charlie: Posters
- Charlie: Events

## Minutes
- Charlie: CTF Scheduling
  - Charlie: The CTF room is only reserved for one hour, which is not long enough
  - Helen: Okay, let me look up who reserved the room
  - Helen: It was Nathan
  - Nathan: Oopsie woopsie
  - Helen: Do we want to have that in the afternoon?
  - Nathan: That's a Louis question
  - Helen: We could do it from 3:00 to 9:00
  - Mike: I think having people here until 9 will reduce attendance
  - Helen: Well the earliest we can get the room is 2:00. That only gives us 15 minutes to set up
  - Helen: We could have it be shorter than six hours?
  - Charlie: What's wrong with ending at 8:00
  - Helen: People do things on Saturdays
  - Charlie: This is a thing
  - Helen: We should ask Louis how he wants to reschedule it
  - Helen: We could also get one of the rooms on the third floor
  - Cole: The round tables are nice though
  - Mike: They're nice but not worth it if they cause problems
  - Cole: I also think we shouldn't start before noon
  - Helen: Noon is fine with me. I'll message Louis
  - Nathan: I can't update the reservation, the booking was done by OCR or something
- Charlie: TigerGraph
  - Charlie: It's happening and scheduled
  - Charlie: They're taking care of everything, including bringing food
  - Helen: Do we have a poster?
  - Charlie: No, but they're doing that too
  - Helen: Did they say when?
  - Charlie: No, but it's a later event so we shouldn't worry
  - Helen: Okay, but once it gets to about a month before we should start bothering them
  - Charlie: I added times for advertising/posters for each of the events to the spreadsheet
- Charlie: Target Site Visit
  - Charlie: That's also been scheduled
  - Charlie: Darielle sent me a poster that was made in powerpoint I think
  - Helen: It looks like it's March 27th from 3-5
  - Cole: That's not a great time, people have class
  - Helen: I think that's okay for something smaller like a site visit
  - Cole: Do we still need to advertise it?
  - Helen: Yes
  - Charlie: 3-5 is as late as it could be, they don't want people in the building after close
  - Charlie: Also I haven't heard from SPS or Ecolab yet
- Charlie: minnehack@umn.edu
  - Charlie: MinneHack is big enough that we could probably make a case to get a dedicated email
  - Helen: Do you know how to get an @umn.edu?
  - Charlie: No, but I assume if I open a ticket either it'll happen or someone will tell me the right way
- Louis: Move UNIX classes
  - Helen: Louis says we should move the UNIX class location, which I agree with because the current room doesn't have a front
  - Cole: I already sent out the email for this week, but I can send out a correction I guess
  - Helen: I'm going to try to reserve Amundson 240, Louis said that would be better
  - Helen: Oh it's in use. I could get a room on the 3rd floor of Keller
  - Charlie: Go with 3-125, if those are the options
  - Helen: Okay, I'll try
- Nathan: GopherLink events
  - Nathan: None of our events are on gopherlink
  - Mike: I'll add them
- Nathan: Tax meeting time
  - Nathan: We should pick one
  - Charlie: The first time that works for everyone is April 1st at 1:15 to 1:45
  - Nathan: The 2:30 to 3:45 time is actually open, I don't go to that class anymore
  - Charlie: Okay, please update the when2meet
  - Charlie: But aside from that, Shana and Sue are busy like all the time
  - Nathan: Oh yeah, they go on vacation every month lol
  - Charlie: Can you try to book the April 1st time?
  - Nathan: Yeah, sure
  - Charlie: Do we have a room for the meeting?
  - Helen: Last time we just asked them to book a conference room
  - Nathan, Charlie, Mike, Helen, Sue, tax person, and Shana will be attending
- Charlie: Posters
  - Charlie: We have posters, except now they're wrong
  - Helen: I'll go over them and correct the room
  - Helen: Oh, we also need Ashmita to update the Donuts posters because they don't have the date
  - Helen: I'm also going to ask Ashmita to do the Paper Pals poster
- Charlie: Events
  - Charlie: There are new events on the spreadsheet, everyone should look at them
  - Charlie: Also check out the new poster schedule
  - Helen: Should we schedule the resume thing?
  - Helen: It should be after spring break, when is that?
  - Charlie: We don't have events on [some weeks]
  - Helen: Let's do the 26th. What's a good start time? 5?
  - Mike: I can't do 5
  - Helen: Let's do 5:30
  - Mike: great
  - Cole: Oh hey, we have a UNIX class scheduled over spring break
  - Helen: Let's move that back a week to the 19th
  - Helen: I might put it in Bruininks because it's a good building and it's easier to get to than 2-260

## Things to say
- Talk to your (cool) CSCI professors about Donuts
- If you continually do not do your tasks, please ask someone to do them. It is better to have someone a little bit grumpy at you than for them not to get done.

### Newsletter
- [x] This Week Sent?
- Next Newsletter: 3/2/2020
    - General Meetings
    - UNIX Class #3
    - Paper Pals

## TODOs
### Today
- Charles:
  - [ ] Plan Ecolab think talk (in progress)
  - [ ] Will SPS do a think talk? (in progress)
- Helen:
  - [ ] Contact Neil about his server
  - [ ] Reserve new UNIX class room
- Louis:
  - [ ] Deal with garbage servers and hubs
  - [ ] Deal with server hard drive trays
  - [ ] Deal with Rails on top of the food cabinet
- Mike:
  - [ ] Put events on the calendar
  - [ ] Put events on GopherLink
### One Week
- Ashmita:
  - [ ] Update Donuts w/ Dept posters
  - [ ] Make Paper Pals poster?
- Charles:
  - [ ] Find sock person (in progress)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info (tier outline is done) (in progress)
- Helen:
  - [ ] Fix UNIX class posters
  - [ ] Pick and reserve room for resume event
- Louis:
  - [ ] Look at & set up backups to Google Drive
  - [ ] Get member information for server closet
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Order pizza
### Four Weeks
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu
- Louis and Hemant:
  - [ ] Mail server
### Blocked/Long Term
- Louis:
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Louis and Hemant:
  - [ ] Make the website bad for april fools (SpOnGeBoB TeXt)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
