+++
title = "2020-04-07 Online Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2020-04-07

+++
# 2020-04-07 Online Meeting

Start Time: 16:30
End Time:   16:59

## Attendance
- Helen      (President)
- Mike       (Vice President)
- Nathan     (Treasurer)
- ~~Louis      (Systems Admin)~~
- Charles    (Community Ambassador)
- Hemant     (Membership)
- ~~Ashmita    (Webmaster)~~
- Cole       (Secretary)
- Kelton

## Last Week's TODOs
### Today
- Cole:
  - [ ] Send Events In #Announcements
    - TigerGraph Event Online (Date?)
    - Paper Pals Online (Date?)
    - Movie Nights Every Friday @ 7pm
- Helen:
  - [ ] Reply to DSCC email
  - [ ] Contact Neil about his server
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Make sure paid members are all members on gopherlink
- Louis:
  - [x] Email Kevin Lin
  - [ ] Email Slack / look at how to get messages
  - [x] Disable table LAN
- Mike:
  - [x] Add events to gcal
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
### One Week
- Charles:
  - [ ] ~~Find sock person (in progress)~~ (moved to blocked)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info (tier outline is done) (in progress)
- Cole:
  - [x] Update the rules regarding verbal warning policy
  - [ ] Pre-Approval Forms
    - label maker
    - cleaning stuff
- Helen:
  - [ ] Choose time and date for paper pals, book pals
  - [ ] Contact the gamers
- Hemant:
  - [x] Fix membership spreadsheet
- Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-Approval Forms
    - bins
- Louis [spring break]:
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at Google Drive backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Pay IEEE for da sodas!!!
### Four Weeks
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu
- Louis and Hemant:
  - [ ] Mail server
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charlie:
  - [ ] ~~Talk to FAST about the resume event (Tues)~~ (event canceled)
  - [ ] Plan Ecolab think talk (in progress) (fall semester?)
  - [ ] Will SPS do a think talk? (in progress) (fall semester?)
- Louis:
  - [ ] Deal with garbage servers and hubs
  - [ ] Deal with server hard drive trays
  - [ ] Deal with Rails on top of the food cabinet
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki

## Topics for Discussion
- Helen: Tom Quigley
- Kelton: CTF
- Charlie: Tigergraph
- Charlie: Movie night

## Minutes
- Helen: Tom Quigley
  - Helen: We got an email advertising fundraising for [previous] MinneHack projects
  - Helen: I seems like he misunderstood what we do, I'm not sure how relevant this is to MinneHack
  - Helen: He wants us to advertise his grant to past participants whose projects had a conservation theme
  - Cole: That seems like it would influence people to do conservation projects once people see it
  - Mike: I think that's the idea
  - Helen: The point is to send it to past participants, like if anyone's 2020 project was conservation related
  - Charlie: I think we can just send it out in announcements. I'll do that right now
- Kelton: CTF
  - Kelton: I think we should be more firm about whether we are or are not planning to do CTF this year
  - Cole: It's currently scheduled for the 18th if we do decide to do it
  - Hemant: If we were going to do an online ctf it would have to be trivia style, which is boring 2 me
  - Kelton: I'm willing to write a bunch of ctf problems if we decide to do it
  - Helen: I think since nobody's especially enthusiastic we should punt on it for this semester
- Charlie: Tigergraph
  - Charlie: The Tigergraph event will be happening tonight. Please attend
  - Charlie: I'm going to post another announcement at 5:00
- Charlie: Movie night
  - Charlie: What movie?
  - Helen: I vote for Birds of Prey
  - Mike: Do we want to pick an R rated movie?
  - Helen: I like the movie
  - Cole: I have a copy available if we do choose bop
  - Charlie: I can work on making the stream more work better this week
  - Charlie: I think if we are clear about the content beforehand it will be fine
  - **on friday we will watch birds of prey**

## Things to say
- ~~Talk to your (cool) CSCI professors about Donuts~~
- If you continually do not do your tasks, please ask someone to do them. It is better to have someone a little bit grumpy at you than for them not to get done.

### Newsletter
n/a

## TODOs
### Today
- Cole:
  - [ ] Send Events In #Announcements
    - TigerGraph Event Online (Date?)
    - Paper Pals Online (Date?)
    - Movie Nights Every Friday @ 7pm
- Helen:
  - [ ] Reply to DSCC email
  - [ ] Contact Neil about his server
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Make sure paid members are all members on gopherlink
- Louis:
  - [ ] Email Slack / look at how to get messages
- Mike:
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
### One Week
- Charles:
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info (tier outline is done) (in progress)
- Cole:
  - [ ] Pre-Approval Forms
    - label maker
    - cleaning stuff
- Helen:
  - [ ] Choose time and date for paper pals, book pals
  - [ ] Contact the gamers
- Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-Approval Forms
    - bins
- Louis [spring break]:
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at Google Drive backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Pay IEEE for da sodas!!!
### Four Weeks
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu
- Louis and Hemant:
  - [ ] Mail server
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Plan Ecolab think talk (in progress) (fall semester?)
  - [ ] Will SPS do a think talk? (in progress) (fall semester?)
  - [ ] Find sock person (in progress) (blocked)
- Louis:
  - [ ] Deal with garbage servers and hubs
  - [ ] Deal with server hard drive trays
  - [ ] Deal with Rails on top of the food cabinet
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
