+++
title = "Minutes 2020-11-16"
template = "post.html"
date = 2020-11-16
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2020-11-16 Online Meeting

Start Time: 17:10
End Time:   17:25

## Attendance
- ~~Charles    (President)~~
- Mike       (Vice President)
- Cole       (Treasurer)
- Kelton     (Treasurer)
- Hemant     (Systems Admin)
- ~~Andrew     (Webmaster)~~
- ~~Louis~~

## Last Week's TODOs
### Today
- N/A
### One Week
- Andrew:
  - [x] Update the MinneHack registration form
- Hemant:
  - [x] Set up MinneHack discord integration
  - [ ] Set up papertrail again
- Hemant, Andrew:
  - [x] Get MinneHack frontend up
- Kelton:
  - [x] Talk to Leean about PaperTrail and Namecheap CC number
- Mike:
  - [ ] Annual report
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
- Cole/Kelton:
  - [ ] Talk to Shana about getting ACM national accounts
- Cole:
  - [x] Email Shana about SSF
### Four Weeks
- Andrew, Hemant, Kelton, Louis:
  - [ ] ~~Write CTF problems~~
- Someone:
  - [ ] Update room rules
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Plan Ecolab, SPS think talks (blocked)
  - [ ] Find sock person (blocked)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] Reserve great hall for 2022 (can't do more than a year in advance)

## Topics for Discussion
- CTF

## Minutes
- CTF
  - Kelton: We need to write problems, Hemant needs to get CTFd up some time today
  - Kelton: Oh, we should spread the word. Send newsletter, stuff like that
  - Mike: Yeah i can do that

### Newsletter
- CTF on Thursday

## TODOs
### Today
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Get CTFd up and running
- Andrew, Hemant, Kelton, Louis:
  - [ ] Write CTF problems
### One Week
- Cole:
  - [ ] Send Mike annual report numbers
  - [ ] Bug SAO person
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Set up papertrail again
- Mike:
  - [ ] Annual report
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
- Cole/Kelton:
  - [ ] Talk to Shana about getting ACM national accounts
### Four Weeks
- N/a
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Plan Ecolab, SPS think talks (blocked)
  - [ ] Find sock person (blocked)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] Reserve great hall for 2022 (can't do more than a year in advance)
  - [ ] Update room rules
