+++
title = "Minutes 2020-03-31"
template = "post.html"
date = 2020-03-31

+++
# 2020-03-31 Online Meeting

Start Time: 16:30
End Time:   17:55

## Attendance
- Helen      (President)
- Mike       (Vice President)
- Nathan     (Treasurer)
- Louis      (Systems Admin)
- Charles    (Community Ambassador)
- Hemant     (Membership)
- ~~Ashmita    (Webmaster)~~
- Cole       (Secretary)
- Kelton     (Kelton)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Today
- Charlie:
  - [ ] ~~Talk to FAST about the resume event (Tues)~~
  - [ ] ~~Plan Ecolab think talk (in progress)~~
  - [ ] ~~Will SPS do a think talk? (in progress)~~
- Helen:
  - [ ] Contact Neil about his server
- Louis:
  - [ ] Deal with garbage servers and hubs
  - [ ] Deal with server hard drive trays
  - [ ] Deal with Rails on top of the food cabinet
### One Week
- Ashmita:
  - [x] Update Donuts w/ Dept posters
  - [ ] ~~Make Paper Pals poster?~~
- Charles:
  - [ ] Find sock person (in progress)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info (tier outline is done) (in progress)
- Cole:
  - [ ] Update the rules regarding verbal warning policy
  - [ ] Pre-Approval Forms
    - label maker
    - cleaning stuff
- Helen:
  - [ ] ~~Remind Louis about Spring Break todos~~
  - [ ] Contact the gamers
  - [ ] ~~Pick and reserve room for resume event~~
- Hemant:
  - [x] Update door list
  - [ ] Fix membership spreadsheet
- Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-Approval Forms
    - bins
- Louis [spring break]:
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at Google Drive backup
  - [x] Continue tracking NGN
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Pay IEEE for da sodas!!!
  - [ ] ~~Order pizza~~
### Four Weeks
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu
- Louis and Hemant:
  - [ ] Mail server
### Blocked/Long Term
- Louis:
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Louis and Hemant:
  - [ ] Make the website bad for april fools (SpOnGeBoB TeXt)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki

## Topics for Discussion
- Helen: Rules review
- Louis: NTS good news
- Louis: LAN party
- Amethyst: Postpone events (instead of cancelling)
- Louis: Kevin Lin email
- Louis: Website updates
- Louis: TigerGraph online
- Louis: Regular call or something
- Louis: Officer election, transition, continuity
- Louis: Officer meetings
- Helen: Discord movie nite
- Mike: Fridge
- Helen: DSCC email
- Charlie: _gnerl
- Louis: Server maintenance (if necessary)

## Minutes
- Helen: Rules review
  - **Tabled until Cole updates them**
- Louis: NTS good news
  - Louis: Irene says we're allowed to keep doing whatever it is we're doing
  - Cole: Are they pushing back the deadline?
  - Louis: I assume so, but it's worth checking again. The whole thing's probably frozen with all this
  - Cole: They might use the empty campus as an opportunity to do everything
  - Louis: Perhaps
- Louis: LAN party
  - Louis: We should think about moving it online
  - Helen: I'm in contact with some of the gamers online, I can reach out and see if they wanna organize some tournaments
  - Helen: We can advertise it online. I don't know how well it will work but it's a fun idea :)
  - Helen: When was it supposed to to be?
  - Louis: April twenty (something)
- Amethyst: Postpone events (instead of cancelling)
  - Helen: I think that's a good idea
  - Mike: I don't think that works, there's no more semester
  - Helen: I think we should move more things online though, like paper pals
  - Charlie: We are still doing the TigerGraph event on the 7th
  - Charlie: Cole, can you put that in announcements?
  - Cole: Yeah, I got it.
  - Helen: I think we could do paper pals as a discord call. If we have it a week or two from now would that work?
  - Helen: What other events should go online?
  - Kelton: I think we said CTF could go online
  - Louis: It's theoretically possible, but the infrastructure would be different from what we've built
  - Hemant: A trivia would be easier, but I don't want to write the problems
  - Helen: Are we willing to set up the infrastructure to do it this semester, or do we wanna punt on it for this semster?
  - Louis: Probably not, but I may change my mind
  - Hement: We could ask Michael for help
  - Louis: Yeah. If he says no, I don't want to do it with just two people
  - Louis: I'll talk to Michael and other CTF people to see if we can get help
  - Louis: There's lots of people who run CTFs online, sometimes I think we should be working with them more
- Louis: Kevin Lin email
  - Louis: Somebody asked if we know anything about covid related meeting topics. I personally don't
  - Helen: Did anyone email him back?
  - Louis: No
  - Helen: Can you email back and say "no." And also offer to advertise any he knows about maybe
  - Helen: There's the one Charlie posted
  - Kelton: I saw one (ELSEWHERE) also
  - Cole: MIT is doing something
  - Louis: If we wants those links he can find them himself
- Louis: Website updates
  - Louis: I just did this. Put the big read banner and removed all the events.
  - Helen: Once I get a date for paper pals and book pals I'll put that on there
  - Helen: We should also do a movie night on discord (not me, computer bad)
  - Helen: If anyone knows computer movies get at me
- Louis: Regular call or something
  - Helen: Does this time work for everyone?
  - Kelton: I'm in 2041 right now
  - Helen: Should we move it?
  - Kelton: Why would we do that
  - **NEW MEETING TIME is Tuesdays at 4:30**
- Louis: Officer election, transition, continuity
  - Helen: Did you have specific thoughts?
  - Louis: Yeah. Well, no
  - Louis: We should send out a newsletter and announcement asking for candidates, then set up a ballot
  - Louis: we can probably count on doing the officer transition dinner over the summer and just not getting money for if -- if everything is back to normal
- Helen: Discord movie nite
  - Cole: I can host this week, we can watch Sonic
  - Helen: Do you have Birds of Prey?
  - Cole: Yes!
  - Helen: Great! We can watch that next week
  - Helen: I think 6 or 7 would be a good start time?
  - Cole: Yeah that would be good!
  - Cole: Should we use zoom?
  - Charlie: As UMN students we get premium, so we aren't limited to an hour.
  - Helen: we should abuse the go live feature in discord
  - Cole: (Streams the sonic movie on discord)
  - Charlie: this has terrible bitrate
  - Charlie: I could stream a movie using OBS and everyone could connect with VLC
  - Helen: Just make quick guide for people [who don't know how to use it]
  - Charlie: Wait, it doesn't work that way, but I'll figure it out
- Mike: Fridge
  - Mike: I just wanted to talk about the mold danger but Amethyst threw away all the perishable stuff so it's fine now
- Helen: DSCC email
  - Helen: I just skimmed it, but it seems like it was something about online classes
  - Mike: The DSCC wanted our help with a petition about getting online classes supported all the time, not just during the virus
  - Helen: It's not super clear what they want our help with
  - Louis: The end says something about listing ourselves as officially supporting it
  - Helen: Do we want to? I think it sounds like a good idea
  - Louis: I like the idea also, but I wish there was a clear manifesto or list of demands before we put our name behind it
  - Helen: I can respond and ask for that
- Charlie: _gnerl
  - Charlie: Am I allowed to delete any messages that aren't _gnerl?
  - Louis: Yes, if any show up. People have been very well behaved so far
- Louis: Slack archives
  - Louis: Have we considered getting the messages out of the old Slack? It might be worth the $10 for a one-month premium membership
  - Helen: That would have to be a budget request
  - Nathan: Is there a free trial of premium?
  - Louis: We could try just emailing them and asking for an archive
  - Helen: If you could write that email that would be swell
- Louis: Server maintenance (if necessary)
  - Louis: Who can get to the closet if necessary?
  - Charlie, Cole, Nathan
  - Louis: I can't, I live in a commune now
  - Louis: Also I'm going to turn off the table LAN to avoid the policy problem, since nobody's in there
  - Cole: Do we wanna leave one jack active? Wait nevermind
  - Nathan will be maintenance goblin, Cole is backup maintenance goblin

## Things to say
- Talk to your (cool) CSCI professors about Donuts
- If you continually do not do your tasks, please ask someone to do them. It is better to have someone a little bit grumpy at you than for them not to get done.

### Newsletter


## TODOs
### Today
- Cole:
  - [ ] Send Events In #Announcements
    - TigerGraph Event Online (Date?)
    - Paper Pals Online (Date?)
    - Movie Nights Every Friday @ 7pm
- Helen:
  - [ ] Reply to DSCC email
  - [ ] Contact Neil about his server
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Make sure paid members are all members on gopherlink
- Louis:
  - [x] Email Kevin Lin
  - [ ] Email Slack / look at how to get messages
  - [x] Disable table LAN
- Mike:
  - [ ] Add events to gcal
  - [ ] something else i forgot
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
### One Week
- Charles:
  - [ ] Find sock person (in progress)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info (tier outline is done) (in progress)
- Cole:
  - [ ] Update the rules regarding verbal warning policy
  - [ ] Pre-Approval Forms
    - label maker
    - cleaning stuff
- Helen:
  - [ ] Choose time and date for paper pals, book pas
  - [ ] Contact the gamers
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Fix membership spreadsheet
- Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-Approval Forms
    - bins
- Louis [spring break]:
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at Google Drive backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Pay IEEE for da sodas!!!
### Four Weeks
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu
- Louis and Hemant:
  - [ ] Mail server
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Talk to FAST about the resume event (Tues)
  - [ ] Plan Ecolab think talk (in progress)
  - [ ] Will SPS do a think talk? (in progress)
- Louis:
  - [ ] Deal with garbage servers and hubs
  - [ ] Deal with server hard drive trays
  - [ ] Deal with Rails on top of the food cabinet
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
