+++
title = "Minutes 2020-09-14"
template = "post.html"
date = 2020-09-14
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2020-09-14 Online Meeting

Start Time: 17:05
End Time:   19:07

## Attendance
- Charles    (President)
- Mike       (Vice President)
- Cole       (Treasurer)
- Kelton     (Treasurer)
- Hemant     (Systems Admin)
- Andrew     (Webmaster)
- Louis

## Last Week's TODOs
### Today
- Cole:
  - [ ] ~~Update SSF contact~~
  - [ ] ~~Email Shana~~
    - [ ] SSF 2020
      - [ ] How do?
      - [ ] Due Date?
    - [ ] P-Card Training
    - [ ] Spring 2020 Networking Purchases
    - [ ] Cleaning Supply Purchases
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Email Electrical Guy about 220v lines & tripped breaker
  - [ ] Email Irene ~~about 10Gig~~
### One Week
- Mike:
  - [ ] ~~Send newsletter~~
  - [ ] Annual report
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
- Cole/Kelton:
  - [ ] Talk to Shana about getting ACM national accounts
### Four Weeks
- N/a
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Plan Ecolab, SPS think talks (blocked)
  - [ ] Find sock person (blocked)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge

## Topics for Discussion
- CS student groups panel
- What are we actually doing?
- GopherLink transition
- SSF disaster
- Organizing a CTF, timing
- Announce membership fee cancellation
- Advertise SDC to classes
- Schedule SDC
- Who is doing membership things?
- Announce social hour
- Server migration
- Indefinite membership for officers

## Minutes
- CS student groups panel
  - Andrew: They're thinking of a time on the 25th, we're still waiting to hear back from Josie
  - Andrew: It's gonna be a student group meet n greet where we have 5 minutes to pitch our group and what we do
- What are we actually doing?
  - Louis: We should talk about why people would actually want to be in this club
  - Charlie: At one point we worked out a list of what events we're still planning on doing
  - Louis: I just mean we should start scheduling events and updating the website
  - Charlie: I'm still working on the resume event with target and sdc with cat
  - Charlie: Other than that we can just decide on days for the events
  - Abridged notes from prev meeting:
    - SDC: Can be done online
    - Donuts with the department: Cancel
    - UNIX classes: Can be done on twitch
    - CTF: yes
    - LAN party: probably not, the gamers can do one
    - Resume and interview prep: doing with target
    - Study for finals with ACM: Probably Not
    - Paper pals: Do over discord
    - MinneHack: some modified version
- GopherLink transition
  - Charlie: They're redoing gopherlink and they need us to download stuff before 9/30
  - Mike: Is there one button we can click to download everything?
  - Charlie: No, you have to download every thing one by one
  - Charlie: I nominate the webmaster
  - Andrew: Alright :(
- SSF disaster
  - Kelton: There are no purchases in the ledger after halloween last year, we're working on tracking down purchase requests
  - Kelton: There's been a whole chain of stuff we can't fill out because of that
  - Kelton: We met with Sara earlier, and it sounds like it's not the worst thing to ever happen, as long as we eventually turn in the spending report
- Organizing a CTF, timing
  - Kelton: We need to figure out how to run a CTF all online, and start writing questions
  - Hemant: Michael says he's interested in helping out
  - Andrew: It should be pretty easy to run a ctf online, just use ctfd
  - Louis: ctfd sucks
  - Kelton: What did we do last time?
  - Hemant: ctfd, which i would prefer not to do again
  - Louis: It should be fine if we all write a few questions
  - Hemant: I can do a few, I just don't want to like 10
  - Hemant: ctf can just be a txt file on nginx with an upload button
  - Hemant: Now that we have argo set up, we can have problems on VMs
  - Hemant: We can have a competition to see who can be the first one to hack a vm
  - Louis: I like that more than a jeopardy style ctf
  - Kelton: We should do that next semester, since we're already committed to doing jeopardy style this semester
  - Hemant: ok
- Announce membership fee cancellation
  - Mike: I will do this now that we've talked about it
- Advertise SDC to classes
  - Charlie: We need to do this
  - Mike: How does this work with online classes
  - Charlie: We arrange to drop in on classes
  - Louis: We could prerecord something and have the prof play it
  - Kelton: That sounds like way less work
  - Charlie: Ok yeah, someone could record a video with info on what CTF is and when it'll be, etc
  - Kelton: Who wants to do that?
  - Everyone: Oh, not me
  - Charlie: I am drafting Cole
  - Cole: Why don't we do a write up and put in on canvas?
  - Andrew: Nobody's gonna read that
  - Cole: :(
  - Cole: When does that need to be done by?
  - Charlie: Unclear, we don't know when SDC is yet
- Schedule ~~SDC~~ events
  - SDC (w/ CAT Digital): Date TBD
    - Charlie: We should look at this today and then send some options to CAT
    - Charlie: I don't think we're planning on doing it in September
    - Charlie: I told the CAT guy "early mid semester" and then I told him October or early November
    - Charlie: How about Friday at 5?
    - Mike: That works, but will people be less likely to come on a Friday?
    - Charlie: I think that's less of a problem with our target demographic
    - Louis: I think we should have buffer time before and after the event for people to hang out and talk
    - Charlie: Weekly starting on Friday, 10/18 (1 month from this friday)
  - Resume and interview prep event (w/ Target): September 25th
    - Charlie: This one should be announced during the freshmen student group event since it will be 0-1 days later.
    - Andrew: The student group event is also thinking about being on the 25th, sometime before 5:00
    - Charles: so we should do some time after 5:00 on the 25th
  - CTF:
    - Charlie: how about 2 weeks after SDC?
    - Everyone: sure
    - Charlie: How about 5pm thursday novemeber 12th?
    - Everyone: sure
    - Charlie: then it could end at 5pm two days later.
  - UNIX classes:
    - start tues 9/29 6pm and following 3 tuesdays
  - Paper pals:
    - Tues Oct 27th, Nov 17th, Dec 1st from 5pm to 6pm
  - Jeopardy-style MinneHack:
    - Jan 23-24 noon-noon + judging and winners after noon
- Who is doing membership things?
  - Charlie: Like managing the spreadsheet and responding to member emails
  - Hemant: I elect louis
  - Louis: Yeah fine whatever
- Announce social hour
  - Kelton: We should do this
  - Charlie: Did we decide on a time for that?
  - Mike: Yeah, Thursday 3-4
  - Charlie: That doesn't work for me :(
  - Mike: We can change it, we haven't had it yet or announced anything
  - Charlie: How about tuesdays from 5-6
  - Mike: Is that just on discord?
  - Charlie: Yeah
- Server migration
  - Hemant: Just wanted it on the record that argo and garlic have been redone
  - Hemant: Cerberus will also probably be redone at some point, but not now
- Indefinite membership for officers
  - Hemant: Cole, Kelton, and I were thinking that officers should get 100 years of free membership to make up for not getting stipends
  - Mike: I don't really care
  - Louis: I think this is bad, because we already have a form of that for the president
- Website
  - Hemant: I'll set up a new webhook to replace dip
  - Andrew: I'll update the website to add the new events

### Newsletter
- Room is closed!!!! talk to hemant to get in the closet
- No membership fees, include link to form
- Social hour
- Talk to Hemant to request a VM on Argo
- Summary of semester's events

## TODOs
### Today
- Mike:
  - [ ] Send newsletter
  - [ ] Add events to google calendar
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Email Electrical Guy about 220v lines & tripped breaker
  - [ ] Email Irene
### One Week
- Andrew:
  - [ ] Download gopherlink files
  - [ ] Put events on the website
- Charles:
  - [ ] Get SDC Planned
  - [ ] Get Resume event planned (Bother Target guy)
- Cole:
  - [ ] Get money info from Nathan
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Set up website webhook
- Kelton:
  - [ ] Choose a PRP paper
- Mike:
  - [ ] Annual report
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
- Cole/Kelton:
  - [ ] Update on SSF disaster
  - [ ] Talk to Shana about getting ACM national accounts
### Four Weeks
- Andrew, Hemant, Kelton, Louis:
  - [ ] Write CTF problems
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Plan Ecolab, SPS think talks (blocked)
  - [ ] Find sock person (blocked)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge
