+++
title = "Minutes 2020-08-17"
template = "post.html"
date = 2020-08-17
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2020-08-17 Online Meeting

Start Time: 17:07
End Time:   17:35

## Attendance
- Charles    (President)
- Mike       (Vice President)
- Cole       (Treasurer)
- Kelton     (Treasurer)
- Hemant     (Systems Admin)
- Andrew     (Webmaster)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Today
- N/a
### One Week
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Message Darielle about resume event
  - [ ] ICPC matchmaking service email to Shana
  - [ ] CAT checkin email
  - [ ] Respond to inquiry emails
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Email the door guy again
- Mike:
  - [ ] Send newsletter
  - [ ] ~~ACM National Annual report~~
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
  - [ ] Message Ashmita about keys
### Four Weeks
- Cole:
  - [ ] Get Louis's key from him
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Plan Ecolab, SPS think talks (blocked)
  - [ ] Find sock person (blocked)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge

## Topics for Discussion
- New meeting time
- MinneHack?
- ACM national memberships

## Minutes
- New meeting time
  - Everyone: This time still works
- do we do MinneHack?
  - Charles: we talked a bit about this at coles house, most people said they didnt think we should do it.
  - Cole: I think the consensus we came to is that it's probably not happening
  - Mike: My worry is that if we don't do it this year, it'll be harder to get the ball rolling in the future
  - Mike: If we do anything, it would have to be online, we definitely can't do in person
  - Charles: I'm not particularly interested in hosting an online hackathon. I've never enjoyed doing them.
  - Hemant: We do still have Coffman reserved. We could do something in there
  - Cole: If we did do an online one it would probably be good to have like a livestream of us in coffman or acm
  - Kelton: Charlie's right though, online hackathons do suck
  - Cole: We could change the format so it's not just a bunch of people staying awake in their houses
  - Cole: I'm thinking like a jeopardy style hackathon with smaller prizes
  - Andrew: With an online hackathon there's less incentive to form teams, we'd have to think about that
  - Kelton: We could force people into team if they sign up as single riders
  - Mike: If it were me that would completely dissuade me from signing up
  - Kelton: Smaller projects would probably be harder to judge
  - Andrew: In jeopardy style ctfs there's some kind of baseline and you award points for if the submission meets it or not
  - Kelton: That could work. And you have very clear guidelines on what constitutes making uno
- ACM national memberships
  - Mike: We need the pres, vp, and treasurer to have acm national accounts. Currently it's still me helen and nathan, and mine is expired
  - Mike: We need to talk to shana about getting the dept to pay for that
  - Kelton: Who should be the Official treasurer?
  - Cole: You can do it if you want, I don't really care

### Newsletter
- Announce that the room will remain closed

## TODOs
### Today
- N/a
### One Week
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Message Darielle about resume event
  - [ ] ICPC matchmaking service email to Shana
  - [ ] CAT checkin email
  - [ ] Respond to inquiry emails
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Email the door guy again
- Mike:
  - [ ] Send newsletter
  - [ ] Talk to Nathan about annual report
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
  - [ ] Message Ashmita about keys
- Cole/Kelton:
  - [ ] Talk to Shana about getting national accounts
### Four Weeks
- Cole:
  - [ ] Get Louis's key from him
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Plan Ecolab, SPS think talks (blocked)
  - [ ] Find sock person (blocked)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge
