+++
title = "Minutes 2020-12-21"
template = "post.html"
date = 2020-12-21
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2020-12-21 Online Meeting

Start Time: 17:10
End Time:   17:20

## Attendance
- Charles    (President)
- Mike       (Vice President)
- Cole       (Treasurer)
- ~~Kelton     (Treasurer)~~
- Hemant     (Systems Admin)
- Andrew     (Webmaster)
- Louis

## Last Week's TODOs
### Today
- N/a
### One Week
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Set up papertrail again
- Kelton:
  - [ ] Purchase National Accounts
- Mike:
  - [ ] Annual report
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
### Four Weeks
- N/a
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] Reserve great hall for 2022 (can't do more than a year in advance)
  - [ ] Update room rules

## Topics for Discussion
- Shana meeting
- MinneHack

## Minutes
- Shana meeting
  - Hemant: Shana wants to meet with us, we should make a whentomeet for next semester
  - Mike: Ok, I can do that
- MinneHack:
  - Cole: I feel like we should have our run of show hammered out now or soon
  - Louis: Can we get a registration update as well?
  - Mike: For the run of show, we don't have to worry about meal times or sleeping, right? So it should just be opening statements, hacking, and judging
  - Cole: What's our sponsorship situation like? In case anyone wants to do a workshop
  - Charlie: I don't think that's super urgent, there's a lot of open space we can slot people into
  - Louis: I think we should still have mealtimes on the schedule, so we can schedule around them for social events
  - Hemant: Registration is currently at 50
  - Mike: Do we need to work on writing the submission system, since things will be different this year?
  - Charlie: No, devpost should still work fine for that

## Newsletter
- Social hour reminder
- MinneHack registration

## TODOs
### Today
- N/a
### One Week
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Set up papertrail again
- Kelton:
  - [ ] Purchase National Accounts
- Mike:
  - [ ] Annual report
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Fill out the whentomeet
### Four Weeks
- N/a
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] Reserve great hall for 2022 (can't do more than a year in advance)
  - [ ] Update room rules
