+++
title = "Minutes 2020-10-19"
template = "post.html"
date = 2020-10-19
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2020-10-19 Online Meeting

Start Time: 17:15
End Time:   17:30

## Attendance
- Charles    (President)
- Mike       (Vice President)
- Cole       (Treasurer)
- Kelton     (Treasurer)
- Hemant     (Systems Admin)
- Andrew     (Webmaster)
- Louis

## Last Week's TODOs
### Today
- Andrew:
  - [x] Update sdc dates on website
### One Week
- Charlie:
  - [x] Get SDC Planned
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Set up papertrail again
- Kelton:
  - [x] Student org fair registration form
- Mike:
  - [ ] Annual report
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
- Cole/Kelton:
  - [ ] Talk to Shana about getting ACM national accounts
### Four Weeks
- Andrew, Hemant, Kelton, Louis:
  - [ ] Write CTF problems
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Plan Ecolab, SPS think talks (blocked)
  - [ ] Find sock person (blocked)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] Reserve great hall for 2022 (can't do more than a year in advance)

## Topics for Discussion
- Sponsor for nts rollover

## Minutes
- Sponsor for nts rollover
  - Hemant: To be a private LAN under nts we need someone to be a sponsor for us in case me mess something up
  - Hemant: I think for us that person would be Mats or Jim something, so we'd need to talk to one of them
  - Louis: Jim seems like the better option to me
  - Hemant: Irene seemed to think Mats would be better since he's a department head
  - Louis: Ok that's fine
  - Hemant: NTS really doesn't want to give us a private LAN, they want to put us on a hybrid LAN
  - Hemant: Irene seemed to think that would be a bad idea since it would give us less control and we couldn't ever change back
  - Louis: When I talked to Mats it sounded like there would only be a problem if one of our machines got pwned, which hasn't happened in recent memory but has happened before
  - Louis: So I would be interested in finding out what happened last time and how that would change if we had a private LAN this time
  - Louis: Other than that this sounds sweet

### Newsletter
- SDC on the 30th

## TODOs
### Today
- N/a
### One Week
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Set up papertrail again
- Mike:
  - [ ] Annual report
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
- Cole/Kelton:
  - [ ] Talk to Shana about getting ACM national accounts
### Four Weeks
- Andrew, Hemant, Kelton, Louis:
  - [ ] Write CTF problems
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Plan Ecolab, SPS think talks (blocked)
  - [ ] Find sock person (blocked)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] Reserve great hall for 2022 (can't do more than a year in advance)
