+++
title = "Minutes 2020-02-17"
template = "post.html"
date = 2020-02-17

+++
# 2020-02-17 Officer Meeting

Start Time: 18:40
End Time:   whenever

## Attendance
- Helen      (President)
- Mike       (Vice President)
- Nathan     (Treasurer)
- Louis      (Systems Admin)
- Charles    (Community Ambassador)
- Hemant     (Membership)
- ~~Ashmita    (Webmaster)~~
- Cole       (Secretary)

## TODOs
### Today
- Helen:
  - [ ] Talk to Ashmita
- Hemant:
  - [x] Update door list
### One Week
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Find sock person
  - [ ] Plan Ecolab think talk
  - [ ] Will SPS do a think talk?
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info (tier outline is done)
  - [ ] Talk to Darielle about Target site visit
- Helen:
  - [x] Reserve room for paper pals
  - [ ] Make poster for paper pals
  - [ ] Update paper pals z-link
  - [ ] Complete PCard training
  - [ ] Delete PayPal (with charles)
  - [x] Get registered for classes asap
- Louis:
  - [x] Put links in budget requests
- Nathan:
  - [x] Talk to SSF about the class registration event
  - [x] Schedule a tax meeting
  - [ ] Purchase Requests
      - [x] Bus
      - [ ] Paper Trail
      - [x] Parking
  - [x] Send oculus
  - [x] Send booth material stuff back
  - [ ] Purchase request room restock items
    - Gauze
    - Blue painter's tape
    - Powdered coffee creamer
    - Waffle supplies (vegetable oil, pancake mix, syrup)
    - Waffle maker?
    - Toner <- We have the money for it
    - Tissues
    - Disinfectant wipes
    - Surgical masks
    - Materials masks
### Four Weeks
None
### Blocked/Long Term
- Louis:
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [x] More rack
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Louis/Hemant:
  - [ ] Make the website bad for april fools (SpOnGeBoB TeXt)
  - [ ] Set up mail server

## Topics for Discussion
- Charlie: Louis's garbage
- Louis: Bookstack
- Louis: (Backups)
- Cole: Password manager
- Cole: Off-site Backups (3-2-1 rule)
- Cole: Mail server
- Nathan: TigerGraph
- Louis: Advertising to classes (Unix classes and open houses)
- Cole: Mini Fridge
- Nathan: Class registration event

## Minutes
- Charlie: Louis's garbage
  - Louis: What garbage
  - Charlie: All of the old switches and hubs that you have sitting around
  - Charlie: You can keep one here, but the garbage servers also need to leave
  - Can we give them to IEEE?
  - Hemant: This sounds good, it's like the circle of life
  - Helen: Louis, please put something in discord about them
  - Louis: Also I don't know who that tower belongs to
  - Helen: I think it might be Neil's; I'm facebook friends with him and I can message him
  - Mike: Include a picture
- Louis: Bookstack
  - Cole: Bookstack is our new wiki software and it's very helpful, officers should work on updating their info
  - Helen: That should be something that we do very soon
  - Cole: Louis can you figuire out the config file to do Draw.io integration and fix the uploads
  - Louis: Long term knowledge that would be useful in the future like how to reserve a room
  - Louis: Some keybase stuff that can be public will also be brought over to Bookstack
  - Helen: What items would that include?
  - Louis: We have three classes of objects in keybase and drive. (1) photos and stuff, that can stay. (2) working documents that get updated during a "minnehack season"/year. these stay. (3) long-term knowledge documents that mostly get referenced. these get moved.
- Louis: (Backups)
  - Louis: Everything in the rack that's owned by ACM should be backed up at the moment
  - Hemant: We could rclone backups to S3 or Google Drive
  - Louis: Google Drive sounds like a good idea since we have unlimited storage through the University
- Cole: Password manager
  - Hemant: Are we using BitWarden?
  - Charlie: No, it costs money each month for team usage, Passbolt is a good alternative
  - Cole: Louis can you set that up to be locally hosted?
  - Louis: Sure.
- Cole: Mail server
  - Charlie: I think the only thing we need out of the mail server is to send mail
  - Louis: I would like to set up something like MailCcow that has more features (IMAP & Webmail)
  - Hemant: Mail-in-a-Box sounds like a good solution
  - Charlie: Does it have CAN Spam/mailing list features?
  - Louis: No, that's outside the scope of what it's supposed to do. That wouldn't be hard to setup on top of IMAP though (probablyTM)
  - Helen: I'll make it a joint Louis and Hemant task
- Nathan: TigerGraph
  - Nathan: TigerGraph wants to do a think talk and buy us pizza
  - Helen: When are they available?
  - Nathan: Not sure
  - Helen: This is fine, they seem like a good company. Who is talking to them right now?
  - Nathan: Nobody
  - Charlie: I will be mailing them since that's my job
  - Helen: Pick a date, pick a room, get posters going and good
- Louis: Advertising to classes (Unix classes and open houses)
  - It's not in Lind40, it's in CivE230
  - Helen: I will make poster
  - Cole: Should we mass email CSCI professors to have them advertise the events?
  - Helen: Yes, we have a spreadsheet of all of them that we can use for this
  - Charlie: We should target 1113, 1133, 1913, 1933, 2021, 2041
  - Cole: Who's talking to who?
  - Charlie: We will claim professors from the spreadsheet
  - Helen: I have aquired the list and will make spreadsheet. I'll bother people about it when the sheet is ready.
  - Ashmita: I can make the posters for the event
  - Helen: I can do that, I have a cool website
- Nathan: Class registration event
  - Nathan: SSF kinda said yes, they kinda said no. The event still has to allign with what we originally wrote. We can't "officialy" change it to something else
  - Nathan: We are going to just have a registration event
  - Helen: We are no longer doing a class registration event. We will now "hop onto" ACM-W's event
  - Ashmita: Yay!
- Mike: Lost and found cart
  - Mike: The stuff on the cart has been there since MinneHack so I will cause us to stop having it now
  - Helen: If you see someone put organic items on the lost and found cart, kill them on the spot
  - Mike: Yeah, take the heaviest thing you can find and hit them on the back of the head
  - Helen: Yeah, then put their corpse on the cart
  - Helen: Basically stop using the lost and found as a staging area for the trash
- Nathan: Ledger update
  -

## Things to say
- Talk to your (cool) CSCI professors about Donuts
- If you continually do not do your tasks, please ask someone to do them. It is better to have someone a little bit grumpy at you than for them not to get done.

### Newsletter


## TODOs
### Today
- Louis
  - [ ] Deal with garbage servers and hubs
  - [ ] Deal with server hard drive trays
  - [ ] Deal with Rails on top of the food cabinet
- Helen
  - [ ] Contact Neil about his server
  - [ ] make paper pals zlink
- Charles:
  - [x] Plan tigergraph think talk
  - [ ] Plan Ecolab think talk (in progress)
  - [ ] Will SPS do a think talk? (in progress)
  - [x] Talk to Darielle about Target site visit
### One Week
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Ship the tablets back to Optum
  - [ ] Update officer wiki
  - [ ] acquire donuts
  - [ ] acquire pizza
- Charles
  - [ ] Find sock person (in progress)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info (tier outline is done) (in progress)
  - [ ] officer wiki
- Helen
  - [ ] Update officer wiki
- Louis
  - [ ] Update officer wiki
  - [ ] Look at & Set up backups to Google Drive
  - [ ] Get member information for server closet
- Mike
  - [ ] Update officer wiki
- Cole
  - [ ] Update officer wiki
- Hemant
  - [ ] Update officer wiki
- Ashmita
  - [ ] Update officer wiki
### Four Weeks
- Louis and Hemant
  - [ ] Mail server
### Blocked/Long Term
