+++
title = "2020-06-02 Online Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2020-06-02

+++
# 2020-06-02 Online Meeting

Start Time: 16:45
End Time:   16:55

## Attendance
- ~~Helen      (President)~~
- Mike       (Vice President)
- ~~Nathan     (Treasurer)~~
- ~~Louis      (Systems Admin)~~
- Charles    (Community Ambassador)
- ~~Hemant     (Membership)~~
- ~~Ashmita    (Webmaster)~~
- Cole       (Secretary)
- ~~Kelton~~

## Last Week's TODOs
### Today
- Cole:
  - [x] Send election email
- Helen:
  - [ ] Reply to DSCC email
  - [ ] Contact Neil about his server
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Talk to Louis about CSE-IT email
- Louis:
  - [ ] Email Slack / look at how to get messages
  - [ ] Email CTF club guy
  - [ ] Ping Andrew about CTF club guy
- Mike:
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
### One Week
- Charles:
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Louis:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at Google Drive backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Pay IEEE for da sodas!!!
### Four Weeks
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu
- Louis and Hemant:
  - [ ] Mail server
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Plan Ecolab, SPS think talks (blocked)
  - [ ] Find sock person (blocked)
- Louis:
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] Deal with garbage servers and hubs
  - [ ] Deal with server hard drive trays
  - [ ] Deal with Rails on top of the food cabinet
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies, bins)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki

## Topics for Discussion
- Postpone election?
- Link wall in general

## Minutes
- Postpone election?
  - Cole: Let's just extend it a week
  - Mike: Yeah whatever
  - Cole: Should I send an email about that?
  - Mike: I think so. Communication is good.
- Link wall in general
  - Charlie: I think we could ask him to move the messages to an interest group channel
  - Charlie: We could also make a public health channel for coronovirus related links
  - Cole: We could message him and say
  - Cole: There should be a company role, for transparency
  - Mike: Should we message him and put those things somewhere else?
  - Cole: I think we should have hime edit this one and put future ones in interest groups
  - Mike: I don't know if we want to allow this one to stay, it sets a bad example about comapanies promoting in general
  - Cole: Sounds good

## Things to say
- If you continually do not do your tasks, please ask someone to do them. It is better to have someone a little bit grumpy at you than for them not to get done.

### Newsletter
- Election is extended

## TODOs
### Today
- Cole:
  - [ ] Send election email
- Helen:
  - [ ] Reply to DSCC email
  - [ ] Contact Neil about his server
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Talk to Louis about CSE-IT email
- Louis:
  - [ ] Email Slack / look at how to get messages
  - [ ] Email CTF club guy
  - [ ] Ping Andrew about CTF club guy
- Mike:
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
### One Week
- Charles:
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Louis:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at Google Drive backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Pay IEEE for da sodas!!!
### Four Weeks
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu
- Louis and Hemant:
  - [ ] Mail server
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Plan Ecolab, SPS think talks (blocked)
  - [ ] Find sock person (blocked)
- Louis:
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] Deal with garbage servers and hubs
  - [ ] Deal with server hard drive trays
  - [ ] Deal with Rails on top of the food cabinet
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies, bins)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
