+++
title = "Minutes 2020-11-23"
template = "post.html"
date = 2020-11-23
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2020-11-23 Online Meeting

Start Time: 17:30
End Time:   19:30

## Attendance
- Charles    (President)
- Mike       (Vice President)
- Cole       (Treasurer)
- Kelton     (Treasurer)
- Hemant     (Systems Admin)
- Andrew     (Webmaster)
- Louis

## Last Week's TODOs
### Today
- Hemant:
  - [x] Get CTFd up and running
- Andrew, Hemant, Kelton, Louis:
  - [x] Write CTF problems
### One Week
- Cole:
  - [x] Send Mike annual report numbers
  - [ ] ~~Bug SAO person~~
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Set up papertrail again
- Mike:
  - [ ] Annual report
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
- Cole/Kelton:
  - [x] Talk to Shana about getting ACM national accounts
### Four Weeks
- N/a
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] Reserve great hall for 2022 (can't do more than a year in advance)
  - [ ] Update room rules

## Topics for Discussion
- Sponsorship values
- Prizes
- MinneHack timeline
- Registration check in
- Presentation at MH kickoff
- Do we even have a kickoff?
- Next year officers

## Minutes
- Sponsorship values
  - Charlie: We need to decide on sponsorship tiers for MinneHack
  - Charlie: Since we're not doing in person the entire cost of the event is about 1/5 of what it would be
  - Cole: What are the expenses we still have?
  - Charlie: Just the prizes, I think. Which is our next topic
  - Mike: Do we want to spend more, less or the same on prizes?
  - Charlie: I think if we spend more, it will make more people participate
  - Mike: Makes sense to me
  - Cole: What did we spend on prizes last year?
  - Cole: Ok I'm seeing here that it was about $6,000
  - Cole: Our MinneHack account is at $9,237.53 right now
  - Mike: Didn't we already get some companies asking us if they can sponsor us again?
  - Charlie: Yeah, we got a few emails
  - Charlie: One problem is that there's no real reason to sponsor at the gold level over silver since there are no booths
  - Charlie: We could have gold get mentors and judges, silver just gets logo and resumes, bronze gets [i didn't hear this part]
  - Charlie: That way we still have four tiers
- Prizes
  - Mike: What were the prizes last year again?
  - Charlie:
    - 1st: keyboard, monitor, mouse headphone ($730 per person)
    - 2nd: switch, joycons, eshop gift card ($480 per person)
    - 3rd: oculus go ($200 per person)
    - Total was 6000 even
  - Charlie: We should budget an extra $1000 for smaller competitions on the twitch stream
  - All: Sounds good
- The MinneHack "Experience"
  - Louis: I think we should think about what the competitor experience would be, before we think about prizes
  - Louis: Like should we have a twitch stream that rotates between us, or sponsor run segments, or competitors
  - Louis: And/or we could have discord voice channels/"rooms" that people could pop in and out of to see whats up
  - Hemant: Well, I was planning on doing things on Zulip (sic?), but sure
  - Louis: What the fuck is that?
  - Hemant: It's an open-source slack knock-off, but not bad
  - Louis, Charlie, others: Seriously dude, nobody is going to use this thing
  - Louis: At most they'll join if they're forced to and then do a discord chat on their own
  - Hemant: I just don't wanna force people to use Discord, I don't see a problem with people doing their own thing on their own
  - Mike: The problem is that this an online event, and if people aren't interecting outside of their teams then what's the point?
  - Hemant: Ok, but last year people didn't talk accross teams in the discord anyway
  - Louis: That's because it was in-person and people could talk to other teams/mentors in-person
  - Hemant: Ok, well if someone else wants to set up the discord thing you can, but I don't wanna touch it
  - Louis: I think we should have a bridge for people who don't wanna use discord, but if we don't have a central discord it's going to be a problem
- MinneHack timeline
  - Louis: Does it have a date?
  - Charlie: Yeah, Saturday the 23rd of January
  - Louis: If we're gonna try to have some type of engagement/twitch stream, that wouldn't have to go overnight
  - ideas for things in the twitch stream:
      - minecraft speedrun
      - groups talk about their project progress
      - meal hour: people show us what they are eating
      - trivia
      - jackbox
      - codegolf
      - spotify spotlight
      - sponsor presentation
      - thinktalks
      - slideshow improv
      - twitch codes/twitch somethings
  - noon to 6?
  - louis: i think thats good
  - hacking noon to noon
  - hour to make sure all submissions are in
  - judging for 4 hours
  - prizes and last words and buffer 1 hour
- Registration check in
  - 20 people
- Presentation at MH kickoff
  - Louis and/or Cole
- Next year officers
  - andrew: willing to stay as webmaster
  - charles: willing to stay as officer maybe not president
  - hemant: "yeah probably"
  - kelton: yes, but maybe not treasurer
  - mike: gone, babey
  - cole: yes, but maybe not treasurer. graduating after next year.

### Newsletter
- MinneHack registration open

## TODOs
### Today
- N/a
### One Week
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Set up papertrail again
- Mike:
  - [ ] Annual report
  - [ ] Reset acmpr's password
### Four Weeks
- N/a
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] Reserve great hall for 2022 (can't do more than a year in advance)
  - [ ] Update room rules
