+++
title = "Minutes 2021-03-08"
template = "post.html"
date = 2021-03-08
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2021-03-08 Online Meeting

Start Time: 17:30
End Time:   ?

## Attendance
- Charles    (President)
- Mike       (Vice President)
- Cole       (Treasurer)
- Kelton     (Treasurer)
- Hemant     (Systems Admin)
- Andrew     (Webmaster)
- Louis
- Marguerite

## Last Week's TODOs
### Today
- Andrew:
  - [ ] Put events on website
### One Week
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Set up passbolt
- Kelton:
  - [ ] Ask Shana for her national account info
  - [ ] Talk to Leanne about papertrail annual fee
  - [ ] Finish Networking Upgrade pre-approval requests
### Four Weeks
- N/a
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] Reserve great hall for 2022 (can't do more than a year in advance)
  - [ ] Update room rules

## Topics for Discussion
- Need to Fix garlic

## Minutes
- Louis: Kelton You need to hit hemant with a stick and tell him to fix garlic
- Kelton: Okay

## Newsletter
- N/a

## TODOs
### Today
- Andrew:
  - [ ] Put events on website
### One Week
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Set up passbolt
- Kelton:
  - [ ] Ask Shana for her national account info
  - [ ] Talk to Leanne about papertrail annual fee
  - [ ] Finish Networking Upgrade pre-approval requests
- Cole:
  - [ ] Get Treasruer stipends from the ACM account
### Four Weeks
- N/a
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] Reserve great hall for 2022 (can't do more than a year in advance)
  - [ ] Update room rules
