+++
title = "Minutes 2021-05-17"
template = "post.html"
date = 2021-05-17
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2021-05-17 Online Meeting

Start Time: 17:30
End Time:   ?

## Attendance
- ~~Charles    (President)~~
- Mike       (Vice President)
- Cole       (Treasurer)
- Kelton     (Treasurer)
- ~~Hemant     (Systems Admin)~~
- Andrew     (Webmaster)
- ~~Louis~~
- Marguerite

## Last Week's TODOs
### Today
- N/a
### One Week
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Set up passbolt
- Kelton:
  - [ ] Ask Shana for her national account info
  - [ ] Talk to Leanne about papertrail annual fee
  - [ ] Finish Networking Upgrade pre-approval requests
### Four Weeks
- N/a
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] Reserve great hall for 2022 (can't do more than a year in advance)
  - [ ] Update room rules

## Topics for Discussion
- DNS records for ISO mirrors
- Missing faculty sponsor again
- Papertrail yearly billing
- Papertrail not working
- Elections
- GitHub billing issue

## Minutes
- DNS records for ISO mirrors
  - We will talk about this next meeting xoxo
- Missing faculty sponsor again
  - ^
- Papertrail yearly billing
  - ^
- Papertrail not working
  - ^
- Elections
  - Who is running:
    - President - Charlie Moonen
    - Vice-President - Kelton O'Brien
    - Treasurer - Cole Greenlee
    - Treasurer - Marguerite Brugger
    - Systems Administrator - Hemant Gouni
    - Webmaster  - Andrew Pan
    - Secretary - Louis Goessling
  - Where do we host the election/who is going to set that up
    - Google form emailed to everyone and in announcements channel
  - who is going to send out the email
    - Kelton will do this
- GitHub billing issue
  - Who owns the github org? might be louis
  - Louis(or Charlie or Hemant) needs to come in and tell us what the problem is

## Newsletter
- Election form

## TODOs
### Today
- N/a
### One Week
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Set up passbolt
- Kelton:
  - [ ] Ask Shana for her national account info
  - [ ] Talk to Leanne about papertrail annual fee
  - [ ] Finish Networking Upgrade pre-approval requests
### Four Weeks
- N/a
### Blocked/Long Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] Look at using google drive for backup
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
- Cole and Kelton:
  - [ ] Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Somebody:
  - [ ] Throw away the bad machines, hubs, hard drive trays, rails, etc
  - [ ] Do the laundry
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] Reserve great hall for 2022 (can't do more than a year in advance)
  - [ ] Update room rules
