+++
title = "Minutes 2021-09-13"
template = "post.html"
date = 2021-09-13
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2021-09-13 Online Meeting

Start Time: 17:42
End Time:   19:20

## Attendance
- Charles    (President)
- Kelton     (Vice President)
- Cole       (Treasurer)
- Marguerite (Treasurer)
- Hemant     (Systems Admin)
- Andrew     (Webmaster)
- Louis      (>:C)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Today
### One Week
- Andrew:
  - [X] update the website
  - [X] make form for study groups
### Four Weeks
- Andrew:
  - [ ] Update gopherlink
  - [X] Send out start-of-semester email
- Kelton:
  - [X] Do the laundry
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Change table to be public-DHCP
  - [ ] Inventory member machines
  - [X] Set up passbolt
- Charles:
  - [ ] Finish new sponsorship info
- Cole:
  - [ ] order TV
  - [ ] order RTX 3080

### Blocked/Long Term
- Someone:
  - [ ] More fridge
  - [ ] Update room rules
  - [ ] Try to get minnehack@umn.edu (not actively pursuing)
- Cole:
  - [ ] ~~Pre-approval forms (labelmaker, cleaning supplies)~~
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update the officer wiki
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] ~~Look at using google drive for backup~~
  - [ ] Talk to someone about power for closet
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)

## Topics for Discussion
- in class talks
- 10G update
- sdc seems to be overlapping meeting time
- officer contact info
- key for marguerite (closet key status check)
- who is going to be in charge of stocking the snack bar (charlie volunteers)
- put up framed posters
- update member list and door access on wednesday
- print room rules extra big
- u card swipe check in options
- resetting acmpr email
- meet with shana sometime soon
- joint event(s) with acmw
    -
- finalize decision on what we want to request:
    - https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1DZ0g4bG7ZvwbezlL_68nyC8f5hsv2noMpCMoD9ZqL90/edit#gid=0
- decide what to call people that come to 2+ events because 'paid member' no longer seems relevant, also need to update the discord roles for that
- ssf operations request (due in 1 week, schedule https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1V8SO2LrBTnE0zCKa2iDo8pJB78fSHy2omcTZTiue7ZY/edit#gid=0)
- Do we want to vaccine card people for events
- line up corporate sponsors for events (accenture, sift??)


## Minutes
- in class talks
    - Kelton/Charlie: do we really want to do this? Are people unaware of ACM as a student group?
    - Charlie: I'll send emails to profs about UNIX Classes.
    - Andrew: I can do general ACM shilling.
- 10G update
    - Hemant: I'll meet with Irene to get an update on how this is happening exactly
    - We have some money in the target account, we can cover 10g equipment
    - no info from other people.
    - still need power supplies for the switch
    - still need drive bays for virt server
- sdc seems to be overlapping meeting time
    - Kelton: There's no better time for it?
    - Charlie: We can meet around SDC time when issues arise
- officer contact info
    - Charlie: There's a spreadsheet and we need Marguerite to add her contact info to the contact spreadsheet
- key for marguerite (closet key status check)
    - Cole: I gave it to her.
- who is going to be in charge of stocking the snack bar (charlie volunteers)
    - Charlie: stocked the snack bar
    - Charlie: I am assessing the popularity of specific items and pacing the snacks, so don't put any more out.
- put up framed posters
    - Charlie: We're putting the Communications of the ACM framed posters back up
    - Kelton: Yeah I don't know why those were taken down
- update member list and door access on wednesday
    - Hemant: I know how to do this, I can do this
    - Charlie: It takes a long time for the door to update
- print room rules extra big
    - Charlie: I'll do that
- u card swipe check in options
    - Kelton: Do we want to do the U Card swipe thing?
    - Charlie: I think it would be cool and automatable, if we had a way to match the U Card number to an x500
    - Andrew: So it's not the student ID number
- resetting acmpr email
    - Andrew: We have to email someone to reset the password
    - Andrew: I have a screenshot in brass class containing the contact info for the person we need to contact
    - Charlie: Can you continue to do that?
    - Andrew: yes
- meet with shana sometime soon
    - Charlie: Yeah we already did that, never mind
- joint event(s) with acmw
    - acmw is interested in joint events
    - andrew: combine resume prep event?
    - Charl: i will talk to them abt it
- finalize decision on what we want to request:
    - https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1DZ0g4bG7ZvwbezlL_68nyC8f5hsv2noMpCMoD9ZqL90/edit#gid=0
    - Charlie: I think if we want a SDR we should do it at a time when we are not doing so many other things
    - Kelton: I would much rather have a FPGA than a SDR
    - Kelton: If we were to scrap one, I think we should scrap the SDR because the FPGA is more generally applicable and cool
    - Hemant: the only reason we want the FPGA is to do signal processing
    - Charlie: I can carpet clean the current chairs, we don't need to do the new chairs this year
    - Kelton: We don't need rails, I'm deleting it from the list, they're expensive
    - Cole: Sue wants us to kill the Target fund, so we need to spend ~$400 somehow
- decide what to call people that come to 2+ events because 'paid member' no longer seems relevant, also need to update the discord roles for that
    - Andrew: just call them members!
    - Cole: what about people that joined the mailing list but are not members?
    - Charlie: just call them people on the mailing list! You don't even need to call them members
- ssf operations request (due in 1 week, schedule https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1V8SO2LrBTnE0zCKa2iDo8pJB78fSHy2omcTZTiue7ZY/edit#gid=0)
    - Cole: I'm gonna get a PCard and initiate the GPU ritual tomorrow
    - Cole: Kelton, do you think we need to do any purchase request stuff or any procedural thing with PCards?
    - Kelton: I don't think so?
- Do we want to vaccine card people for events
    - Cole: I don't know if we're allowed to because of SSF reasons (?) Because we need to make events open to all students, which includes people that have medical exemptions
    - Charlie: I think the university policy is enough
    - Kelton: So, no
- line up corporate sponsors for events (accenture, sift??)
    - Andrew: We got an email from Accenture about a sponsor packet (?)
    - Charlie: We only ever do sponsors for CTF, SDC, and MinneHack
    - Cole: If we can get our sponsors to buy prizes and mail them, it makes my life significantly easier
    - Andrew: We should poke SIFT about CTF and ask the CTF WG about what we're actually going to do

## Newsletter


## TODOs
Today:
- Andrew
  - [ ] in class talks
  - [ ] ask mike about closet key
- Charles
  - [ ] email about unix classes
  - [ ] talk to acmw about combining resume events
  - [ ] put sdc on ur calendar u lazy bum
One Week:
- Charles:
  - [ ] More fridge (research)
  - [ ] put up magazine covers
- Hemant:
  - [ ] Schedule an infastructure rebuild meeting
  - [ ] meet with Irene re 10g
  - [ ] membership update/door access update
- Andrew:
  - [ ] acmpr email reset
