+++
title = "2022-09-15 Online Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2022-09-15
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++

## Attendence
- Kelton    (President)
- Shaun     (Systems Admin)
- Cole      (Secretary)
- Eliza     (Membership)
- Tomas, Joey, Ryan, Tom, Yihan (non-officer members from open house and Tom)
- Louis     (Some Taxposter)

## Last Week's TODOs
- One Week
  - Kelton
    - [ ] ACM National Report
      - [X] report finished but not submitted
- Eventually
  - Minnerva
    - [ ] template that hooks into event template and generates into ical
  - Hemant
    - [ ] continue updating network spreadsheet

## Topics for Discussion
- how 2 spend target money (officer transition?) 
- acm-w collab?
- Ops Requests
- message from mr. b re: robotics competition
- acm project meeting ideasss
- systems committee is in archive?
- paper pals 2 weeks out
- ~~rt4 booth~~ cse group fair sep21
- Door access update
- door code update

# Minutes
- Ops request stuff
  - Ideas so far
    - Box fans and purifier (On remaining target funds, probably)
    - Air purifier
    - Masks
    - iFixIt kits (3x)
    - Textbooks for the library
      - Might be against school policy? Might wanna check that.
      - Tomas: graphics books that are cool
      - Louis: Dragon book (original)
      - Louis: People love stealing our boooks
            - This is very true pls don't steal our stuff ðŸ¥º
      - ~~Louis: A hundred copies of "The Dispossessed" by Ursula K Le Guin~~
    - Router
    - Decent drives for Argo(?)
        - "Would be cool to have a proper storage array" -Louis
        - Block storage for student VMs?
        - "Having an iSCSI thing would be cool" -Cole
        - Cole is working on a capstone project, could integrate this into that!
        - Something for Cole/Shaun to check out, but probably not for Ops 22-23
    - Cole: "They cap us for 7 items for equipment"
    - Masks
    - _MORE GPUs?_
    - A proper fridge
        - please no iot shit kthxbye
    - USB-C PD Outlets
    - LED Signs
    - Popcorn machines

    - Concrete proposals we'll be settling on 
        - USB-C PD Outlets
        - Full sized fridge
        - iFixit kits (3x)
        - Books for the library
            - If books are not allowed, just pump money into the next item ;)
        - Storage array w/ HDD and Controllers
        - Masks


- message from mr. b re: robotics competition
  - Kelton is a hero and will respond to Mr. B tonight
      - Mr. B's pfp is Doofenshmirtz

- Systems committee is in archive  
    - all of our committees are fake anyway

- Paper pals
  - Cancel the first one. Make the second one the only one.
    - This is due to Kelton being extremely busy ðŸ˜”
    - Paper suggestions should be approchable and not scary
    - Penrose maybe?

- cse group fair
  - Let's just not do it. Nobody ever shows up for them anyway.

- Door access and code update
  - Lots of random people know the door code now, so we should change it
    - I never knew the code until a couple weeks ago smh
  - Need to get door access done reliably
    - Checking for three attendences
      - Eliza: can I write a script to do that?
        - The answer is yes.
    - Collecting info and sending it to the door~~man~~person(?)

- Other stuff
  - Lots of reports
  - bureaucracy.
    - TL;DR we need an up-to-date ledger. 
    - This sucks.
      - Cole is such a hero
    - Ops is due Sep 21
    - Events is due Oct 10
  - ACM National might put us on probation
    - This has happened a couple times already, and we might lose the name "acm"
    - Hopefully (and to Cole's knowledge) we'll get an extension because COVID is a thing.

- Getting other types of food for the events
  - Currently we'll be blocked to pizza because they're already in the SSF requests.

- Helping with ledgers



## This Week's TODOs
- One Week
  - Kelton
    - [ ] ACM National Report
      - [X] report finished but not submitted
      - [ ] Return to ACM National asking for an extension because we're swamped please help.
    - [ ] Talk to Mr. B

  - Treasurers
    - [ ] bureaucracy.png
      - Autumn and Mini will know more than I can ever put here
      - Cole and Kelton can show them two the ropes
    
- Eventually
  - Minnerva
    - [ ] template that hooks into event template and generates into ical
  - Hemant
    - [ ] continue updating network spreadsheet


- Distractions 
  - Eliza saw something spilling out in Keller.
    - Getting back to the meeting now
    - Louis refuses to go get donuts

  - "Kramer!"
  - ~~co2 lazers?~~
  - obamna... SODA!!!
  - Louis: "Present me your forehead and close your eyes"
    - Kelton is now branded ACM
  - Louis removes "no taxposting" from the constitution unilaterally
  - Why did Hemant come up with the "Apple iPhone 14 Pro with A16 Bionic Chip" bit?
  - nope
  - Hemant's struggles about normality and witchcraft
  - Louis explains grindsetspace
    - Tom postulates about the (0,0) of grindsetspace
      - Shaun proposes the (0,0) is just `grillin'`
      - Louis: "defined positions in grinsetspace is pointless anyway"
        - "Does two units of grilling correlate to one unit of iPhone in grinsetspace?"
    - Gaussian spaces in grindsetspace?





