+++
title = "Minutes 2022-09-07"
template = "post.html"
date = 2022-09-07
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2022-09-07 Online Meeting

Start Time: 18:00
End Time:   19:00

## Attendance
- Kelton	  (President)
- Andrew		(Vice President)
- Minnerva	(Co-Treasurer)
- Autumn    (Co-Treasurer)
- Hemant	  (Webmaster)
- Cole      (Secretary)
- Shaun     (Systems Admin)

## Last Week's TODOs
- One Week
  - Kelton
    - [ ] ACM National Report
      - [X] report finished but not submitted
- Eventually
  - Minnerva
    - [ ] template that hooks into event template and generates into ical
  - Hemant
    - [ ] continue updating network spreadsheet

## Topics for Discussion
- treasurer things / transition
- more stickers
- drawing night
- nat'l accounts
- nat'l report
- officer transition dinner
- get board for cse fair & such
- who does the newsletters?
- door access
- room reservations for events
- Advertising in classes?
- emailing profs about unix classes
- Event Posters?
- new time for open house

# Minutes
- target fund
  - spend on computer stuff
  - cardboard cutout?
- drawing night
- nat'l accounts
  - purchase request done
  - need an acm national account; report is finished
- nat'l report
  - see above
- officer transition dinner
  - potentially from target fund
  - needs to happen soon
- get board for cse fair & such
- who does the newsletters?
  - andrew does
  - vp does newsletters now
- door access
  - not everyone got access from last year
  - need to write down how to do this
  - until a membership officer is recruited, hemant assumes this role
- room reservations for events
  - done for some events but not all
  - it is the owner of the event's job to reserve a room
  - should probably document this process somewhere
  - still need to be reserved: paper pals, resume workshop, ctf, build a portfolio
- Advertising in classes?
- emailing profs about unix classes
  - blurb at the beginning of a class
- Event Posters?
  - need a schedule for this
- new time for open house
  - thursdays 4-6 pm
- student group meeting (purchase meeting)
- treasurer things / transitions
- ledger
  - make sure it's good

# TODO
- One Week
  - Shaun
    - [ ] talk to kluver, moen on unix classes
  - Kelton
    - [ ] make a schedule for plastering our posters everywhere
    - [ ] email kauffman, kolb about unix classes
    - [ ] update new officer list
    - [ ] reserve room for paper pals
  - Andrew
    - [ ] reserve room for ctf
  - Hemant
    - [ ] update open house time
    - [ ] generalize/write how to give people door access from the spreadsheet
  - Cole
    - [ ] reserve room for resume workshop, build a portfolio
    - [ ] get target fund numbers
- Eventually
  - Minnerva
    - [ ] template that hooks into event template and generates into ical
  - Hemant
    - [ ] continue updating network spreadsheet
