+++
title = "2022-02-14 Online Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2022-02-14
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2022-02-14 Online Meeting

Start Time: 17:00 
End Time:   18:00

## Attendance
- Kelton	(President)
- Shaun		(Vice President)
- Cole		(Treasurer)
- Andrew	(Treasurer)
- Hermant	(Systems Admin)
- Minnerva	(Webmaster)

## Last Week's TODOs
n/a

## Topics for Discussion
- new webmaster stuff
- updated officer list (in room, w/ pics) w/ cone
- rewriting opaque in racket
- open houses (real)
- in person officer meetings(?)
- finalise what to do with target money
- postmaster officer role
- (dis)honorably discharge louis from github org
- meeting minutes (real)
- ssf update
- officer transfer
- cse cookout

## Minutes
- new webmaster stuff
  - need to update website to be up to date (officers, events)
  - new webmaster (Minnerva)

- updated officer list (in room, w/ pics) w/ cone
  - Kelton/Andrew: have every officer take pictures with the cone that has the face on it 
  - allows people to identify officers easier
  - need to give new officers drive access
  - the officer list is out of date in the ACM room
  - Andrew is now Treasurer/Helper Goblin

- rewriting opaque in racket
  - also considering codeday

- open houses (real)
  - open houses are starting next week
  - everyone should make an effort to be here Tuesdays from 4-6 PM

- in person officer meetings(?)
  - possible

- finalise what to do with target money
  - Kelton: $1,000 allotted for mural for ACM room
    - something to think about later
  - increased Costs on SDR, FGPA
    - Cole: cost increases are ~$340 + ~$140 respectively
    - Verdict: don't want to deal with SSF; eat the cost
  - $100 ACM Mascot
    - Kelton: it's a better way to advertise for our events to provide a friendly and              relatable public face for our events
  - new harddrives
    - Dell refurnished harddrives are used for VM
  - snacks
    - Hermant: no snacks from the Target Fund

- postmaster officer role
  - a proposed officer whose job is to respond to emails
    - decided to stick not add postmaster role
    - emails are now **Andrew's** job
    - newsletter is now **Shaun's** job

- (dis)honorably discharge louis from github org
  - need ownership changes
  - Cole: there are warnings are on the ACM Github for not paying something

- meeting minutes (real)
  - now Minnerva's job until further notice

- ssf update
  - all Astra requests are in!
    - Cole's tricks are pretty good (good job)
  - Cole: I'm going to wrap up SSF requests tonight
  - ACM can do more events (can do up to 8; currently at 6)
  - each SSF event needs to be justified
  - [EVENT] anime night (3/11)
    - date changed from (2/25) -> (3/11)
    - Cole, Andrew, Kelton: Shifted date due to clash with Blog Workshop event
  - [EVENT] study for finals with ACM
    - Andrew's job to do the Astra request and organize the event
  - [EVENT] lan party w/ IEEE

- officer transfer

- cse cookout
  - ACM Grill Night (4/20)
  - Cole: it would be nice by then to do something outside like grilling
  - Kelton: probably not something we can ask money for; will probably have to pull from     Target fund
  - consider co-hosting CSE Week Cookout

## Newsletter
n/a

## TODOs
### Today:
- Everyone:
  - [x] Give new officers drive access
- Cole:
  - [ ] Wrap up SSF requests
### One Week:
- Everyone:
  - [ ] Update officers list (ACM room, docs)
  - [ ] Consider + potentially email for co-hosting CSE Week Cookout
- Cole:
  - [ ] Come up with some options/choices of getting new harddrives
- Andrew:
  - [ ] Come up with some options/choices of getting new harddrives
  - [ ] Do Astra request + organize for <Study for Finals with ACM>
- Hermant:
  - [ ] Come up with some options/choices of getting new harddrives
  - [ ] Talk to the power people about getting more power in the server closet
  - [ ] Get table DHCP working
### Recurring:
- Andrew:
  - [ ] Emails are now your job
- Shaun:
  - [ ] The newsletter is now your job
- Minnerva:
  - [ ] Meeting Minutes are now your job until further notice


