+++
title = "2022-03-24 Online Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2022-03-24
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2022-03-24 Online Meeting

Start Time: 17:00 
End Time:   18:00

## Attendance
- Kelton	  (President)
- Shaun		  (Vice President)
- Cole		  (Treasurer)
- Andrew	  (Treasurer)
- Hemant	  (Systems Admin)
- Minnerva	(Webmaster)
- Autumn    (Membership)

## Last Week's TODOs
- One Week
  - Everyone
    - [ ] Come up with ACM sticker ideas!
  - Minnerva
    - [X] finish flyers for ctf, pl workshop, amv night
  - Kelton:
    - [ ] put prices on new items (individually) using target money
    - [X] write ctf challenges
  - Hemant:
    - [ ] update network spreadsheet
  - Hemant, Andrew, Cole:
    - [ ] discuss closet dhcp allocation bonanza solutions more
  - Andrew:
    - [X] write ctf challenges
  - Autumn:
    - [X] write ctf challenges

- Eventually (tm)
  - Minnerva
    - [ ] template that hooks into event template and generates into ical (?)

## Topics for Discussion
- add how to get involved section to website

# Minutes
- add how to get involved section to website
  - done, will be deployed after this meeting

- ctf logistics
  - prizes
    - final list: 2 wifi pineapples to be purchased, one of the raspberry pis 
    - not doing pine64, teenage.engineering
    - cole: cant do gift cards
    - wifi pineapples? (~100)
    - andrew: gaming accessories (riot games merch <_<) 
    - hemant: yubikeys/solokeys(?)/nitrokey 3/other 2fa stuff
  - pizza: guac burrito, spicy chicken quesadilla, pesto for specialities

- ops purchases
  - items mentioned: conference mic, mural, acm mascot, haddrives, server shelves, assorted cables, mac mini, display port
  
  - cole: sdr, sdr enclosure, fpga -> all ordered + on their way
  - cole: draw a garfield on the pelican case (it's arrived)
  - cole: inkplates in process of approval; will probably take a while to arrive
  - cole: going to do all remaining purchase requests now; what do we actually want to do w/ target fund?
    - chairs? consider going to reuse -> going away?
  - xenia mural [send a request for this!]
  - acm mascot ‚Ä¶·òõ‚ÅêÃ§·ïê·ê∑? [high priority, actually send a request for this]
  - new harddrives for vehicular manslaughter
    - hemant & cole: 800 budget, probably get new ones
  - 50 usd conference mic
  - server shelves 
  - cole: stipends are to be written soon
  - acm room purifier now off of the budget 

- cse / plumb bob grill week
  - setting up breakfast

- acm grill night
  - where: ??

- next years treasurer
  - spreadsheets bonanza: ssf funding reqs for events + ops
  - autumn + a co-treasurer?
  - need our requests for fall 2022's events in mid-april

- officer transition dinner
  - it's tradition! 
  - kelton: not an immediate concern (it's in may) but also ü•∫ transition? üëâüëà

# TODO
- One Week
  - Everyone
    - [ ] Come up with ACM sticker ideas!
  - Hemant: 
    - [ ] do acm mascot justification ssf request ‚Ä¶·òõ‚ÅêÃ§·ïê·ê∑ + figure out who to commission
    - [ ] tell cole where to get 800 usd worth of harddrives
    - [ ] tell cole if purchases are needed for drawing night, anime night
    - [ ] update network spreadsheet
  - Cole:
    - [ ] do remaining purchases reqs for ops, ctf
  - Kelton:
    - [ ] room mural request + purchase info 
    - [ ] server shelves req + purchase info
  - Andrew:
    - [ ] find cole a display port to purchase
    - [ ] find cole mac mini purchase info