+++
title = "2022-05-12 Online Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2022-05-12
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2022-05-12 Online Meeting

Start Time: 18:00 
End Time:   19:00

## Attendance
- Kelton	  (President)
- Shaun		  (Vice President)
- Cole      (Treasurer)
- Andrew	  (Treasurer)
- Hemant	  (Systems Admin)
- Minnerva	(Webmaster)
- Autumn    (Membership)

## Last Week's TODOs
- Two Weeks
  - Everyone
    - [ ] buying stickers, GPU, mac mini, and figure out the rest of the purchases
    - [ ] minnehack domain?
- Eventually (tm)
  - Minnerva
    - [ ] template that hooks into event template and generates into ical (?)
  - Hemant
    - [ ] continue updating network spreadsheet

## Topics for Discussion
- 2021-2022 Ops & SSF
- shana email (treasurer training)

# Minutes
- 2021-2022 Ops & SSF
  - Ops
    - no more mural, mascot
    - sticker budget: 250
    - stipends
    - mac mini
    - minnehack domain renewal
- shana email (treasurer training)
- Due Date Reminders
  - SSF due October
  - ops due September 21st
- ð“ƒ  ð“ƒ  ð“ƒ 

# TODO
- Today
  - Cole
    - [ ] complete ledger(?)
  - Andrew
    - [ ] ssf request (assorted cables)
- One Week
  - Cole
    - [ ] send purchase requests
    - [ ] ssf request (domain renewal for minnehack)
  - Kelton / Cole
    - [ ] polaris
    - [ ] ssf request (stickers, mac mini, shelves, gpu(?))
- Eventually (tm)
  - Minnerva
    - [ ] template that hooks into event template and generates into ical (?)
  - Hemant
    - [ ] continue updating network spreadsheet