+++
title = "2022-12-06 Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2022-12-06
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2022-11-29 Meeting

Start Time: 18:00
End Time: 19:00


## Attendence
- Kelon     (President)
- Andrew    (Vice President)
- Autumn    (Co-treasurer)
- Minnerva  (Co-treasurer)
- Shaun     (Systems Admin)
- Eliza     (Membership Officer)
- Jaz       :)

## TO-DOs from last week

- __IMMEDIATELY__

  - Sponsorship

    - [X] Replies to previous sponsors

- Within the week

  - Sponsorship

    - [ ] The cold emails

  - Registration

    - [X] Shaun: Properly get backend up

      - [X] Talk to Hemant about backend particulars

    - [X] Shaun, Samyok: Get form up ASAP

  - Logistics 

    - [ ] Mini: Add ACM mailing list to SUA discussion

  - Within the next two weeks

    - Sponsorship

      - [X] All: Respond to potential sponsors

    - Registation

      - [ ] Kelton: beat Shaun up with stick if registation is not up by then

        - Doesn't need to get done yay

    - Logictics

      - [ ] Mini, Shaun: SUA logistics discussion

    - Advertising

      - [ ] Everyone: Think about advertising.

  - Sometime within the semester(?)

    - Fediverse

      - [ ] Autumn: Get Misskey up and runing

## Topics for Discussion

- Mayhaps more officers?

  - Autumn: "A good idea, or else next year there'd be a crater"

  - Next year: Andrew, Cole, Charlie, Hemant will be gone

    - Leaves Kelton, Shaun, Autumn, Eliza, Mini around

    - It'd be nice to have 4-ish people to eye around

- Advertising stuff:tm:

    - Minnehack registration is UP.

    - Shaun: Fix vaccination auto-consent checkbox

    - Need to be very annoying to tell people that we're kewl and we're
    awesomesauce

    - Campus should be Minnehack-branded

        - Keller, Tate are a must

        - Building poster assignments

          - Keller: Kelton

          - Tate: Kelton

          - MechE: Andrew

          - CivE: Autumn

          - Walter: Shaun

          - Lind: Autumn

          - Smith: Shaun

          - Vincent: Kelton

          - Frasier: Autumn

          - Bruiniks: Shaun

          - Appleby: Shaun

          - Wiley: Jaz

          - Anderson: Jaz

          - Blegen: Jaz

          - Amundson: Mini

          - Akerman: Mini

          - Wilson: Jaz

          - Rarig: Shaun

          - The Bridge: Andrew

          - Mall poster boards: Eliza

          - Bus Stops: Eliza

        - ||officers need to abuse their CSE printing funds to plaster Minnehack
        all over campus||

        - Haul ass for this!!!!!!

        - Jaz has a list of where posters can go

            - Also resources for getting posters on places where approval is required

            - Kelton picks up residence hall, SUA poster requests

        - discords 

        - Weekly emails should have Minnehack plastered ALL OVER!!!!!!!1!!!

        - Spaces around campus that aren't owned by the U

          - Go pleadingface on cafes

          - "Dinnaken has one" -Mini

- Volunteer sign ups for day-of partipation

    - We've been going by vibes so far

- ACM national accounts

    - Low prio

    - ACM National wants at least 3-4 officers to have ACM National accounts

        - Someone just needs to go thru the process of making the preapproval,
        request, pcard, and going to ACM National's site to buy the accounts.

        - Free Time item for Mini, Autumn

- Getting the door updated again

    - Nothing much to say about this

    - Add new members, send out that email again

        - Attendence sheet should have all the info

- Reserving CMU for next year (2024)

    - Just got that email for Reservation day

    - SUA just said "lgtm lmao" (this was for 2023)

    - Kelton has to do this

        - Autumn should be roped into this

- Sponsorship email status

    - Andrew hasn't had any responses yet for his cold emails

    - Not too much progress has been made here (with cold emails at least)

    - The S&P 500 kinda sucks

    - We don't actually have a contact for Target(????)

        - Find the contact for the Target person that we got that old $$$ from

        - Kelton's job

    - Seigna
        
        - Need a contact for this too, Kelton's job (again)

    - Need to get cold emails out ASAP.

    - Ryan, Andrew did their cold emails

        - Samyok, Autumn, Kelton, Jaz need to do cold emails.

        - Andrew has added the cold email script to the acm drive, ask Andrew
        for particulars about this.

- CTF/Minnehack sponsorship invoice stuff

    - Veritas: "We'll get that to you within the week":tm:

    - In comparison, the stuff for Minnehack seems a lot faster!

    - thank you autumn

    - Andrew made a nice sponsorship confirmation form. Send that
    out to sponsors first.

    - Kelton: "As long as we get enough invoices to get food an t-shirts and
    as long as the money is in our accounts day-of, lgtm!"

    - Ecolab confirmed at Silver, Veritas confirmed at some unknown tier. Brooksource
    said they would be "honored" to sponsor us. Best Buy seems interested (probably, 
    but not confirmed).

        - If all these companies do Silver, we're solvent!

        - If Best Buy does Bronze, there's probably gonna be budget cuts!

        - This assumes cold emails don't yield anyhting

    - Someone's mom's company is a sponsor!!!!

        - The company has nothing to do with tech, so it'll show up as "My Mom"!

        - Confirmed for Silver!
    

## TO-DOs from last week

- Within the week

  - Sponsorship

    - [ ] Kelton, Jaz, Autumn, Samyok: The cold emails

    - [ ] All: continue discussion with companies that are in contact
 
  - Logistics 

    - [ ] Mini: Add ACM mailing list to SUA discussion

  - Advertising

    - [ ] All: Plaster the campus with Minnehack poster

    - [ ] Kelton: Residence Hall, SUA poster requests

    - [ ] Andrew: Email the general public

    - [ ] All: Email professors!

    - [ ] Jaz: Plaster Minnehack on Discord!

    - [ ] Kelton: acm reddit account

    - [ ] Shaun: Student Resources (Appleby, Bruiniks, DRC, Kauffman Club rooms)


  - Within the next two weeks

    - Sponsorship

      - [X] All: Respond to potential sponsors

    - Logistics

      - [ ] Mini, Shaun: SUA logistics discussion

  - Sometime within the semester(?)

    - Fediverse

      - [ ] Autumn: Get Misskey up and runing


## Distrations

- Patent lawyers suck and don't know what they're doing

- We need to send someone's mom flowers

- reddit mod moment

- kelton goes minnesotan mode

- we need a psyop officer

- "hey are any of y'all addicted to meth?"

- the new testament transgenderification of acm

- acm needs a pneumatic staple gun

  - we need a 500w laser too
