+++
title = "Minutes 2022-09-18"
template = "post.html"
date = 2022-09-18
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2022-09-18 Online Meeting

Start Time: 18:00
End Time: 19:00

## Attendence
- Kelon     (President)
- Andrew    (Vice President)
- Cole      (Secretary)
- Autumn    (Co-treasurer)
- Hemant    (Webmaster)
- Shaun     (Systems Admin)
- Eliza     (Membership)

## Topics for Discussion

- CSE Department only allows food for two events?
  - This kinda kills the momentum
  - We need to cancel events because of this
    - We're done for September
    - Cancelled events
      - ACM Project Meetings (7 events total)
      - Resume Workshop
      - Paper Pals (see below)
      - Portfolio Workshop
  - We desperately needs to co-ordinate with other clubs, I guess?
    - This is a lot of work, and not enough tosses to care
    - Collating events might be a good idea
      - Kelton is not up for much of it
    - ACM-W, IEEE looking for collabs probably?
    - UNIX classes is the signature ACM events so we'll have to go it alone
  - Contact Mats
    - Shaun & Kelton will work on this
    - We'll just take it if the Mats route doesn't work
  - Turns out back-stocking is not allowed
  - UNIX Class
    - UNIX Class 2: Funded by non-University sources:tm:
    - UNIX Class 3: Pushed back by a week into October
    - UNIX Class 4: No food :(
  - Paper Pals
    - Paper Pals 1: cancelled
    - Paper Pals 2: waffles-type event
  - Portfolio Workshop
    - Autumn seems interested in taking over
      - Javascript moment
      - Autumn is now stuck with it
  - SSF counts events differently?
  - Get better rooms for the events

- Minnehack stuff
  - Kelton needs to start emailing companies
  - Registration needs to start right around now
    - Website should also be updated

- SSF update
  - Cole finally has access to the spending reports
  - Apparently something that needs to be done
    - Nobody knows this was needed to be done
  - SSF request ASMR reading night?

## TO-DOs:
See earlier meeting minutes for to-do

## Distractions

- Eliza eats her cereal dry with a glass of milk wth
- ~~should we move to INET?~~
- What if we split into multiple club?
- Unix Classes sponsored by Al's Breakfast?
- hehe, waffles...
- is un-ideal a word?
  - un-gamer
- ACM is not allowed to own its means of production according to SSF
- comstock pls
  - til all dorms aren't connected by gopher way tunnels
- bozo shaun kills discord by accident
- always look at the bright side of life!
- GMan voice for this
- Saw
- Gas-powered lamps
- eliza gamer keyboard asmr
- cat
- in `rand()` we trust
