+++
title = "2022-11-29 Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2022-11-29
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2022-11-29 Meeting

Start Time: 18:00
End Time: 19:00

## Attendence
- Kelon     (President)
- Andrew    (Vice President)
- Autumn    (Co-treasurer)
- Minnerva  (Co-treasurer)
- Shaun     (Systems Admin)

## Topics for Discussion

- Minnehack (The elephant in the room)

  - Charlie will not be involved at this point forward

  - Sponsorship stuff

    - Cold emails need to happen within the week

      - __NEEDS__ to be done by Monday morning.

    - Replies to the previous sponsors should be done by __tomorrow__

    - Ryan is now involved with sponsorship stuff

  - Inform Samyok about timeline change

  - Mini will continue talking to SUA about day-of logistics etc

    - Shaun, ACM mailing list will be CC'ed into all SUA communications.

  - Andrew: "We used to be a lot more thorough about cold-emailing people"
  
  - ADVERTISING!
  
    - Done after this sponsor fiasco (and reg)

    - Sending emails to ACM list, previous participants

    - Posters all around campus

    - Discord @everyones

    - Talk more next week

  - Kelton: Talk to Charlie about the tier list change.

  - Backend

    - `mh_reg` access denied

      - Talk to Hemant

      - Shaun needs to talk to Samyok about registration stuff pronto.


    

- Treasurer updates

  - Needed: bank receipts for the stipends (that they were cashed...?)

  - Study w/ ACM is coming up in a bit, need to get pizza stuff sorted for that

    - Thank you treasurers, heroes.


- ACM Fedi

  - Mastodon is _kind of a pain_

  - We'll go for Misskey instead

  - Consider Jortage for thicc storage solution

    - If storage concerns become a thing...

    - We could also ask the dept. for more HDDs

## TO-DOs

- __IMMEDIATELY__

  - Sponsorship

    - [ ] Replies to previous sponsors

- Within the week

  - Sponsorship

    - [ ] The cold emails

  - Registration

    - [ ] Shaun: Properly get backend up

      - [ ] Talk to Hemant about backend particulars

    - [ ] Shaun, Samyok: Get form up ASAP

  - Logistics 

    - [ ] Mini: Add ACM mailing list to SUA discussion

  - Within the next two weeks

    - Sponsorship

      - [ ] All: Respond to potential sponsors

    - Registation

      - [ ] Kelton: beat Shaun up with stick if registation is not up by then

    - Logictics

      - [ ] Mini, Shaun: SUA logistics discussion

    - Advertising

      - [ ] Everyone: Think about advertising.

  - Sometime within the semester(?)

    - Fediverse

      - [ ] Autumn: Get Misskey up and runing

## Distractions

- Kelton makes a bigbrain move and grabs old shirts to look for sponsors

- Ryan says the above isn't a distraction

- Autumn, Andrew are fans of Mitski
