+++
title = "2022-02-21 Online Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2022-02-21
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2022-09-21 Online Meeting

Start Time: 17:00 
End Time:   18:00

## Attendance
- Kelton	(President)
- Shaun		(Vice President)
- Cole		(Treasurer)
- Andrew	(Treasurer)
- Hermant	(Systems Admin)
- Minnerva	(Webmaster)

## Last Week's TODOs
Today:
- Everyone:
  - [x] Give new officers drive access
- Cole:
  - [x] Wrap up SSF requests
One Week:
- Everyone:
  - [x] Update officers list (ACM room, docs)
  - [x] Consider + potentially email for co-hosting CSE Week Cookout
- Cole:
  - [ ] Come up with some options/choices of getting new harddrives
- Andrew:
  - [ ] Come up with some options/choices of getting new harddrives
  - [x] Do Astra request + organize for <Study for Finals with ACM>
- Hermant:
  - [ ] Come up with some options/choices of getting new harddrives
  - [ ] Talk to the power people about getting more power in the server closet
  - [ ] Get table DHCP working
Recurring:
- Andrew:
  - [x] Emails are now your job
- Shaun:
  - [x] The newsletter is now your job
- Minnerva:
  - [x] Meeting Minutes are now your job until further notice

## Topics for Discussion
- flyers for events
- server closet dhcp allocation bonanza
- cse student group fair
- enerating "add to calendar" metadata on the website
- update official room rules for covid
- finish migrating from keybase
- update network spreadsheet
- pay louis his ransom
- figuring out how to spend rest of target money (displayport cables)
- lan party postmortem
- LAN Party Fall 2022
- adding the rest of the events to the website
- Officer Photos

# Minutes
- flyers for events
  - Kelton: good for the project, ctf; key locations: keller, northrop mall
  - Minnerva: I will design them

- server closet dhcp allocation bonanza
  - Andrew: people should not be assigning themselves static ids in the server - dhc?
  - Andrew: one person taking 5 ips is Not Good
  - Cole: router level? setting up proper ip management is probably a good idea
  - Cole: ip pfsense?
  - Hermant: currently it's easier to maintain

- cse student group fair
  - 10:30 - 12:30 Wednesday (in 2 days!) Tate Hall
  - Kelton - 10:30 - 12:30
  - Shaun: 11:15 - 12ish
  - Hemant: 11:30 - 12:30

- enerating "add to calendar" metadata on the website
  - Andrew: template that hooks into event template and generates into ical (?)

- update official room rules for covid
  - done woohoo; it's on the wall
  - first offense (failure to comply when asked): temp suspension, warning
  - second offense: kicked out of acm room

- finish migrating from keybase
  - Andrew: can add the rest of the passwords
  - Hemant's job(?)

- update network spreadsheet
  - Hemant's job
  - Kelton: migrating will happen but not today

- pay louis his ransom
  - no

- figuring out how to spend rest of target money (displayport cables)
  - Andrew: we don't have displayport cables!
  - Cole: we have ~~$350~~ $40 for assorted cables to work with :(
  - Kelton: ~$200 for ctf prizes, about $200 remaining
    - Andrew: $200 riot games gift card
    - Kelton: $200 money for gpu
    - Cole: shelves?
      - Kelton: 4 shelves to buy, ~$30 each

- LAN party postmortem
  - Hermant: long cables are broken
  - Andrew: switches, need to check inventory for what's broken and not
  - Andrew: also a lot are on default pw

- LAN Party Fall 2022
  - Cole: should be around Halloween (esports club is hosting it)
    - acm's involvement - predominantly networking(?)

- adding the rest of the events to the website
  - Kelton: should happen, should have blurbs for events 
    - can ask organizers to write the blurbs

- Officer Photos
  - photos so that people know who we are :)
  - systems committee photo for the 404 page


# TODO
### One Week:
- Andrew:
  - [ ] finish migrating from keybase
- Cole:
  - [ ] send note to Esports Club to suggest looking for corporate sponsors
- Kelton:
  - [ ] put prices on new items (individually) using target money
- Hemant:
  - [ ] update network spreadsheet
- Minnerva:
  - [ ] begin designing some flyers for ctf, project
  - [ ] add rest of events to website
  - [ ] template that hooks into event template and generates into ical (?) (bother andrew for details)
- Hermant, Andrew, Cole:
  - [ ] discuss closet dhcp allocation bonanza solutions more
  - [ ] give shaun root for servers