+++
title = "Minutes 2023-01-03"
template = "post.html"
date = 2023-01-03
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2023-01-03 Meeting

Start Time: 19:00
End Time: 19:45

## TO-DOs from last week

- Within the week

  - Sponsorship

    - [ ] Kelton, Jaz, Autumn, Samyok: The cold emails
      - Autumn did hers!
      -

    - [ ] All: continue discussion with companies that are in contact
      - Genesis10 at Silver
        - This puts us in the green!

  - Logistics

    - [ ] Mini: Add ACM mailing list to SUA discussion

  - Advertising

    - [ ] All: Plaster the campus with Minnehack poster

    - [ ] Kelton: Residence Hall, SUA poster requests

    - [ ] Andrew: Email the general public

    - [ ] All: Email professors!

    - [ ] Jaz: Plaster Minnehack on Discord!

    - [ ] Kelton: acm reddit account

    - [ ] Shaun: Student Resources (Appleby, Bruiniks, DRC, Kauffman Club rooms)


  - Within the next two weeks

    - Sponsorship

      - [X] All: Respond to potential sponsors

    - Logistics

      - [ ] Mini, Shaun: SUA logistics discussion

  - Sometime within the semester(?)

    - Fediverse

      - [ ] Autumn: Get Misskey up and runing


## Topics for Discussion

- MH Advertising

  - Get posters up ASAP

  - Pester the lists

  - Pester the discords


- MH Sponsor Stuff

  - Genesis10 sponsoring at Silver puts us in the green!

  - Kelton will email this GrapeVine guy, work on Best Buy

  - On invoicing:

    - Autumn: "Everything's real, we just have to send stuff to financing"

      - [ ] Veritas

        - Autumn: "I have no idea what's going on"

        - Autumn will follow up on CTF, Kelton will handle Veritas on Minnehack sponsorship

      - [X] EcoLab

        - Autumn: "Yes. This is the farthest one we've gotten"

            - Sue sent confirmation

      - [ ] BrookSource

        - Autumn: "No, I don't see anything on the emails"

      - [ ] My mom

        - Someone will deal with this

        - Autumn will send someone the confirmation form

    - TODOs: Veritas, GrapeVine, Best Buy

- MH Purchasing

  - Shirts

    - Shirt design needs to be finalized within the week

    - We need to order them pronto

  - Stickers

    - Design should be done _really_ soon, ordering needs to be done within the week

    - Mini will be on this

  - Other swag: Swag bags

  - TL;DR ask Charlie

    - Kelton will be on this

  - Figure out prizes

    - Roughly $6k for prizes

      - $750, $500, $200, couple of $100 for side events

      - Keep this in mind

  - Food

    - Shaun, Kelton will brainstorm for food

- MH Side events

  - ~~Something to think about~~

  - CodeGolf seems good

  - Mini CTF

  - ObsureLang competition

  - PowerPoint Karaoke

- Spring Events

  - UNIX Classes starting 1/25/23

  - Autumn will host Blog Workshops

  - Shaun will take Code MiniGolf

  - Paper Pals would be good, but Kelton can't do it

    - Kelton can do one

  - Movie Nights will be official

  - Dates and times will be the topic of next week's meeting

- MH Attendence

  - Roughly 113 people
