+++
title = "2023-12-01 Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2023-12-01
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2023-12-01 Meeting

Start Time: 18:00
End Time: 18:58 

# Attendance
kelton
alice
autumn
nadia
jaz
iris
mini

# Last Week's TODOs
All
- [x] make trivia questions and give to riley :3
    - everything is fair game! 

Riley
- [ ] newsletter
- [ ] network diagram (1-2 weeks)
- [x] send iris shorter optic cable (price, name) (asap)
- [ ] subdomains for phyical servers (after monday 13th) 
    - todo: ask what people want

Jaz
- [ ] reach out to cub via sponsorship

# Meeting Topics
mh day-of schedule
- hour-by-hour schedule
    - match last years but allocating more time for judging 
    - should match info we gave to sponsors
    - mini event times
        - CTF 
            - open 4pm sat + runs longer than before
        - presentation night (not karaoke)
            - announced @ 6pm sat, dinner teased
            - submission deadline @ 10pm sat
        - dinner (7pm sat)
        - smash tourney
            - happening @ 8pm sat
        - code golf
            - starts midnight
            - submission deadline @ 1am
    - check-in at 12, hackathon starts at 2pm
    - first lunch not in budget?
        - saturday: dinner (same time as last year)
        - sunday: breakfast, lunch (same time as last year)
        - sat lunch, sun dinner depending on sponsors
    - TODO update day-of spreadsheet to match this

mh sponsor response update
- bb confirmed
- 5 hooked?
- TODO jaz sends more emails
- TODO all send followup emails

mh room reservation
- mh2024 not yet charged
    - TODO kelton ask when the charge is (should be covered by ssf)
- mh2025: SUA registration day opens Tuesday, December 5 at 9:00 am
    - TODO autumn reserve great hall for mh2025
    - provide chartstring (kelton posted what it was in brass)

mh tshirts
- blocked on knowing who is sponsoring
- no university trademarks, acm on the shield

mh budgetting update (cuts)
- Cancellation
    - reservation cancel
        - 50% refund if cancelled by a month before
    - informing ssf, sua
    - messaging
- pull from mh acct (~3-4k after cuts)
- cut: mini events 
- cut: t-shirts

welcome week income
- from the department

my ledger plans
- old internal ledger deleted
- ssf ledger is now to be used (can record non-SSF expenses)
- up-to-date

which ops purchases first?
- top of the queue
    - Dell Poweredge R240 - invoice obtained, preapproval in progress
    - 1 SolarWinds Papertrail - fairly high priority, dont want them killing us
- TODO systems (nadia + riley) - tell iris what to prioritize for ops
    - say which ones come from same website so they can be bundled
    - high priority (in order of most prioritized first)
        - NVIDIA 10gig network cards
        - SFP+ DAC Cables
        - SFP+ Optical Transcievers, 15 meter fiber optic cable
        - LSI Logic Storage Controller
    - low priority (in order of most prioritized first)
        - Printer Toner, Staplers
        - 10 gig media converter
        - ACM Stickers

# TODOs
all
- [ ] send follow-up emails; send more sponsor emails if you can NOTE: BEFORE SENDING DOCS, MAKE SURE IT'S UPDATED SO THAT DEADLINES ARE UPDATED (ex: deadlines that have now passed being extended)

autumn
- [ ] reserve great hall for mh2025 on Tuesday, December 5 @ 9 AM

nadia
- [ ] ask what subdomains people want (w riley)

riley
- [ ] ask what subdomains people want (w riley)
- [ ] newsletter

mini
- [ ] update day-of mh spreadsheet to match meeting minutes discussion

jaz
- [ ] send more sponsor emails asap NOTE: BEFORE SENDING DOCS, MAKE SURE IT'S UPDATED SO THAT DEADLINES ARE UPDATED (ex: deadlines that have now passed being extended)

kelton
- [ ] email about when mh2023/2024 charge is (should be covered by ssf)