+++
title = "Minutes 2023-09-15"
template = "post.html"
date = 2023-09-15
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2023-09-15 Meeting

Start Time: 18:05
End Time:

# Attendance
- Jaz
- Iris
- Autumn
- Alice
- Riley
- Nadia

# TODOs from last week

Kelton
- [X] updating minnehack brochure info
- [X] send autumn/officers list of professors to email for unix classes

Mini
- [X] ~~ask cole where the cables + fpga info is for ledger~~
- [X] send iris group mission alignment + acm's goals for ssf events
- [X] put up posters

Jaz
- [ ] list of who to talk to (prior sponsors, new sponsors) (with Autumn)
- [X] schedule meeting w/ ssf re:spending report and minnehack (w/ Iris)
- [ ] ~~send discord announcements~~

Riley
- [X] scheduling weekly acm emails

All
- [ ] chalking discussion
- [X] event organizers: send info!! (see spreadsheet)

# Topics for discussion


- UNIX Class #1 - P-card usage
    - Iris needs to know how to use the P-card
    - Autumn will tell Iris the basics for the P-card
    - The P-card is a physical manifestation of a credit/debit card
    - ITEMIZED RECEIPT!!!!!!!!!!!!1111!!!1!1!!!1!
        - Hint: write date for the itemized receipt

- MinneHack SSF application description
    - this was done woo

- Detour: Minnehack prizes funding discussion
    - Jaz: "the ledger is _done_"
        - free at last ðŸŽ‰ðŸŽ‰ðŸŽ‰ðŸŽ‰ðŸŽ‰ðŸŽ‰ðŸŽ‰ðŸŽ‰ðŸŽ‰ðŸŽ‰ðŸŽ‰ðŸŽ‰ðŸŽ‰ðŸŽ‰ðŸŽ‰ðŸŽ‰ðŸŽ‰ðŸŽ‰ðŸŽ‰ðŸŽ‰ðŸŽ‰ðŸŽ‰ðŸŽ‰

- better task system maybe
    - ~~acm needs to be agile~~
    - alice: it's confusing what's going on
        - "discord moment" -iris
    - we have a google calendar now pog (at least)
    - alice will set up an acm trello board


- update membership payment note
    - Some people bought ACM memberships
    - Add the "membership sign up" sheet to the "thanks for buying" note
    - Nobody knows who owns the payment thingamajig >//<
    - For now, manual follow up
        - alice: this is not sustainable
        - We've had two paid sign-ups now unfortunately

- Minnehack Sponsor update
    - nothing was done >//<
    - postponed

- when to open MH registration/MH website
    - Someone was complaining to us about this
    - What's the color + vibe of Minnehack 2024?

- short status report on the SSF meeting - mostly good news!
    - Good news!
    - All SSF applications can be done just fine now!
    - Spending report - all documentation is complete/waived
    - Iris will submit SSF spending report
    - Less money in the SSF account as we thought...
        - figures redacted for good measure

- Officer photo
    - Soonâ„¢ï¸

- Chalking
    - Naomi has chalk!
    - Naomi for Chief Visionary - 6 ayes, 2 absent

# TODOs

- Alice
    - [ ] Create ACM Trello

- Jaz
    - [ ] list of who to talk to (prior sponsors, new sponsors) (with Autumn)
    - [ ] Submit Ledger

- Riley
    - [ ] Update Minnehack site for 2024

- Riley + Nadia
    - [ ] Opening Minnehack registration

- Autumn
    - [ ] Tell Iris P-Card Lore
    - [ ] Something about membership payment form
    - [ ] Minnehack Colors

- Iris
    - [ ] Submit old SSF spending reports
