+++
title = "2023-03-21 Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2023-03-21
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2023-03-21 Meeting

Start Time: 18:05
End Time: 18:30

# Attendence
- Kelton (President)
- Ash (Vice President)
- Mini (Co-Treasurer)
- Shaun (Sysadmin)
- Eliza (Membership)
- Hemant (Webmaster)
- Autumn (Co-Treasurer)
- Jaz (gremlin)

# Topics for Discussion

- Meeting TODOs
  - Bring them back
- ACM officers photo
  - Postponed to next week (Shaun forgot camera)
- Missing CLP letter?
  - Got a new one signed
- MinneHack sponsor follow-up
  - Sponsors not getting invoice?
- CSE showcase?
  - Actual name: "Student Group Highlight"
  - Need information for their newsletter (see original email)
- MinneHack prizes
  - Top 3 (incl. switches) sent
  - Follow up on pocket operator (PPT karaoke) out-of-stock (lacking contact, wait for outreach)
  - YubiKeys (CTF) prize-giving chain figured out
- Upcoming events
  - We should do posters again
  - Need a room reservation for Paper Pals
- Mastodon, Matrix, and Killing the Dragon of Chaos (bothering whoever we need to bother)
  - Talk to Irene for subdomains
  - Spin up two VMs for each service
  - Postponed until IP range musical chairs is complete

# TODOs

- Kelton: send CLP letter to SUA within a week, give YubiKeys to Ash next meeting
- Ash: give YubiKeys to CTF winners once acquired
- Shaun: bring cameras to next meeting
- Autumn: reach out to vacuum guy within a week
- Mini: make cool posters "soon"
- Everyone: meow now :3c