+++
title = "Minutes 2023-02-07"
template = "post.html"
date = 2023-02-07
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2023-02-07 Meeting

Start Time: 17:00
End Time: 19:00

# Attendence
- Kelton (President)
- Autumn (Co-Treasurer)
- Mini (Co-Treasurer)
- Eliza (Membership)
- Shaun (Sysadmin)
- Charlie, Jaz
- Louis (Taxposter)

## Topics for Discussion
- acm tour MSI again
  - email them (Charlie)
- door access
  - eliza talks to the dishonorably discharged officer
- acm skylight
  - keller needs natural lighting
  - 2nd floor expansion
  - convert that one leaking section in the atrium to a waterfall
- wishlight revising and/or officer online wishlist
  - rescheduled to when ops requests are relevant
- update officer lists: website, internal, external, door
  - ash needs access to acm drive + mailing list
    - should add themselves to internal/external officer list
  - take new officer photo?
- sending out prizes
  - need to write out preapproval reqs
- travel reimbursement
  - need list of people and request receipts from them
    - from devpost
- welcome to cse open house
  - 4:30-6 on Monday
- room reservation
  - okay'd (shout out to acm? :)
- pcard reconciliation - shirt, bags, sticker receipt
  - thx
- cables update?
  - resolved; wait for updates
