+++
title = "Minutes 2023-03-28"
template = "post.html"
date = 2023-03-28
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2023-03-28 Meeting

Start Time: 18:20
End Time: 19:20

# Attendence
- Kelton (President)
- Ash (Vice President)
- Mini (Co-Treasurer)
- Shaun (Sysadmin)
- Eliza (Membership)
- Autumn (Co-Treasurer)

# Topics for Discussion

- TODO Resolution
  - Kelton forgot YubiKeys
  - Shaun sent CLP letter to SUA, brought camera
  - Autumn reached out to vacuum guy
  - Mini made posters
- MinneHack
  - Vacuum guy purchase order being made now
- Paper Pals
  - We had a room already reserved
  - Code Golf reservation had time mismatch, going to use one reserved
  - Posters to be put around Keller
- 10G Upgrade Is Real
  - Irene put order in, we'll get 1x /24 or 2x /25
  - Further details to be discussed
  - Current network to be kept for some time to transition to new network
  - Require VM users to meet about it?
  - Poggers was had at this moment (18:31)
- ACM Censorship Night
  - Posters were reorganized
- ACM Joe Biden Night
  - Officer elections need to start soon
  - Form made, in shared folder
- ACM LaTeX Workshop
  - Kelton could run it next year
  - Likely 1-part series
- Photo

# New TODOs

- Kelton: bring YubiKeys for-real this time, send CLP letter to SUA but actually

# Previous TODOs

- Kelton: send CLP letter to SUA within a week, give YubiKeys to Ash next meeting
- Ash: give YubiKeys to CTF winners once acquired
- Shaun: bring cameras to next meeting
- Autumn: reach out to vacuum guy within a week
- Mini: make cool posters "soon"
- Everyone: meow now :3c
