+++
title = "Minutes 2023-12-15"
template = "post.html"
date = 2023-12-15
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++

# 2023-12-15 Meeting

Start Time: 18:00
End Time: 18:42

# Attendance

- Alice
- Jaz
- Iris
- Autumn
- Nadia

# Last Week's TODOs

all
- [x] send follow-up emails; send more sponsor emails if you can NOTE: BEFORE SENDING DOCS, MAKE SURE IT'S UPDATED SO THAT DEADLINES ARE UPDATED (ex: deadlines that have now passed being extended)

autumn
- [/] reserve great hall for mh2025 on Tuesday, December 5 @ 9 AM

nadia
- [ ] ask what subdomains people want (w riley)

riley
- [ ] ask what subdomains people want (w riley)
- [x] newsletter

mini
- [x] update day-of mh spreadsheet to match meeting minutes discussion

jaz
- [x] send more sponsor emails asap NOTE: BEFORE SENDING DOCS, MAKE SURE IT'S UPDATED SO THAT DEADLINES ARE UPDATED (ex: deadlines that have now passed being extended)

kelton
- [x] email about when mh2023/2024 charge is (should be covered by ssf)

# Meeting Topics

- when to run mh next year (2025)
  - can't do same day bc leap year
  - last weekend seems good (25th/26th)
- mh
  - we are at 2 sponsors (bestbuy and g-person)
  - ...the reaper approaches...
  - companies report not being able to budget for it anymore, BUT also say they are interested in the future
  - no MH :(
    - follow up to interested sponsors
    - make announcement in ACM/MH discord
    - cancel event space (reach out to SSF)
    - still try for 2025. might need alumni officer help to structure planning
- officer meeting time
  - thursday 17:30
  - starting january 11th
- open house meeting time
  - can't be the same time (too many favonia simps)
  - wednesday 16:00-18:00
- mh posters
  - no longer needed

# TODOs

autumn
- [ ] make cancellation announcements

jaz
- [ ] send followup emails

iris
- [ ] talk to ssf
- [ ] talk to department
- [ ] make more preapproval requests for more items

nadia / riley
- [ ] ask what subdomains people want
