+++
title = "2023-01-17 Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2023-01-17
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2023-01-17 Meeting

Start Time: 18:00
End Time: 20:00

# Attendence
- Kelton (President)

- Autumn (Co-Treasurer)

- Mini (Co-Treasurer)

- Eliza (Membership)

- Shaun (Sysadmin)

- Helpers: Charlie, Jaz, Ryan

- Louis (Taxposter)

## Topics for Discussion

- MH purchasing

  - T-Shirts

    - Kelton's getting T-shirt stuff figured out

  - Stickers

    - Sticker designs should be ordered ideally today

      - This includes the ordering stuff, but that can't be done today

    - $250 for stickers, just get like, ~500?

      - PCard needed asap

  - Swagbags

    - Kelton will figure that out tonight

    - Those drawstring bags, Charlie: "totally promotional dot com stuff"

  - No pamphlets or lanyards
  
- MH Side Events

- MH food update

  - We have more $/person

  - Shaun will figure this out tonight

  - Snack details will be punted off for now

    - Not long though. Snacking is important

- MH sponsor status

  - Genesis10 is all sorted!

    - Swag from Genesis10 will be sent in person to ECE Depot

  - Quine guy moved it to next week

    - Wait what?

  - Brooksource at Bronze

    - Kelton will figure it out tonight

  - EcoLab at Silver confirmed

    - Mentor stuff is being sorted out on EcoLab's side

    - Swag stuff by the 24th

  - Best Buy
  
    - Responded to Kelton, confirmed at silver

    - Invoice received 

  - My mom

    - Invoice received, confirmed at silver

- Swag drop-off deadline

  - Moved to the 24th

  - Tell everyone to ship it/drop it AT THE ECE DEPOT

- MH Advertising

  - Last push to get more people 

    - Post on Twitter, MH Twitter

    - Reddit moment

      - ~~No-life~~ Shaun will do it

  - Jaz has been handling Discord

    - Message the mods of the main Discords

  - Email professors (do it NOW!)

- Travel Reimbursements

  - Have a good amount set aside for reimbursements

    - Hemant has been doing a bunch of emails for this!

    - Go thru the db and have a look

      - Andrew's job

- MH run of show

  - See Spreadsheet for more deets

- General MH who's-doing-what

  - Kelton handles announcements, face of MH, Minnehack MC

  - Eliza will be in charge of streams

  - Shaun will be tech support and networking stuff

    - Jake will be on-board for tech stuff

  - Foodmeister (food pickup and whatnot)

    - Costco Charlie

    - Jaz handles other food stuff

    - Tom will be asked to do one (1) costco errand

      - Jaz as backup

- MH Side events

  - Mini CTF

    - Andrew will be "in-charge," Hosted by Shaun

    - Annnounced at 6:00PM Sat, ends when someone solves it 

  - ObscureLang competition (Restricted CodeGolf essentially)

    - Hosted by Kelton

    - Hosted at midnight for two hours

  - PowerPoint Karaoke

    - Hosted by Eliza, help will be needed

    - Announcements at 5:00PM Sat, Submissions at 9:00PM Sat, Presentations at 10:00PM Sat 

  - Smash Tourney

    - Hosted by Ryan

    - Happens at 8:00PM Sat

- MH Volunteering

  - Separate MH Volunteering meet

  - List of people

    - Jaz, Jake, Ryan, Erik

  - Jaz is the Volunteering coordinator

  - Volunteers needed for:

    - Check-ins

    - Setup/Teardown

    - Food Service

    - Packing Swagbags (before day-of, after 24th)

    - Cable testing (before day-of)

  - Volunteer meets, Jaz in charge, Friday before at 5:00PM

- Spring event times

  - Undecided:

    - Blogshop [1,2,3]

      - Late Feb start

      - Thursdays 

    - MiniGolf

      - After CTF

      - April 13th at 6:00PM
    
    - Movie Night [1,2]

      - March 17th and April 21st

- Emailing Professors

