+++
title = "2024-10-06 Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2024-10-06

+++

# 2024-10-06 Meeting

Start Time: 17:13
End Time: 17:47

# Attendance
- Alice
- Quinn
- Iris
- Autumn
- Elena
- Nadia

# Last Week's TODOs
- Iris + Autumn
  - [/] Look for more potential sponsors
- Riley
  - [ ] Put info on servers and such and their access/rules on acm.umn.edu/resources/systems
  - [x] Get rid of 4U XTS case
  - [ ] Make self-hosting blurb
- Quinn
  - [ ] Flyer for general ACM (open houses+)
    - Make one with Waffles opening server closet door
  - [x] Newsletter
    - [x] Carpet cleaning
    - [x] Membership form
    - [x] UNIX Classes
- Nadia
  - [/] Finish UNIX Class slides
  - [ ] Review TOS before officially posting it
  - [ ] Make event blurb(s)
- Alice
  - [ ] Find how to get Soundbyte spotlight
  - [ ] Email blast stuff
  - [ ] Make event blurb(s)
- Alice, Iris, Autumn, Riley
  - [ ] Schedule SUA meeting

# Topics for Discussion
- Elena will handle email blast stuff
  - Info on how to do it is in 9/22 meeting minutes
  - Maddie is the contact
  - Will start by inquiring simply how to do it
- The small crisis of the pizza/dates for the workshop events is resolved w/ help from Shana
- Update website with new blurbs
  - Riley will do it
- Battlestation vs solo nook
  - Quinn will do this at some point
  - Could move gaming computer to main TV
- Sponsor payment process
  - Should start invoicing sponsors, but how does that process work?
  - Should scrape departments website or just ask Justin how to it
  - Alice will investigate the canvas this week
  - Will consult Mini for help
  - Mini is an alumni advisor now! That ought to have been the case
- Planning for sponsorship benefits
  - What do we need from the sponsors
    - Swag
    - Money
    - Idea of booth set-up and mentors/judges they will bring
    - Logo files
    - Blurb for sponsorship announcements
    - Suggestions for mini events (for Improving.com but not Dev10)
    - API/product
  - Will respond to currently acquired sponsors with this list
- MH stress and delegation
  - We could have a couple of designated officers for back-end event planning, a couple for front-end event planning, etc.
  - Iris will be sponsor communications and presidential overview
  - Alice will be budgeting of funds, purchase logistics, invoicing, and other possible money-related things
    - Ana will give more thorough invoice soon (cuz meeting was just three days ago)
  - Elena will be advertising and outreach
  - Quinn will also do some advertising including chalking
  - Nadia will be back-end and registration
  - Riley will be back-end and registration
  - Autumn will be day-of schedule and mini-hacks themselves
- Bring up MH registration by November
  - Nadia's next big project after UNIX class is this
  - Opaque, back-end? Rewrite?
    - Nadia prefers getting a rewrite up, it should not be too difficult
- Washing bean bag covers again
  - Quinn will do it
- The purchasing & naming of neo-medusa
  - Funds have been appropriated
  - We will store media on it so it will be good to get it going
  - Name? Pegasus? Plant-related?
  - Next step to get it going is contacting stores
    - Server Monkey + Newegg
  - Pre-approval type request
- Papertrail payment
  - Alice doesn't yet know what's going on with it
  - Justin says he approved it and that if there's a problem with it he can do a "JE fix", which sounds to be a special move
    - But in reality, it simply resolves to "journal entry fix" to change the dates past time

# TODOs
- Quinn
  - [ ] Email more MH potential sponsors
  - [ ] Wash bean bag covers
  - [ ] Open house posters
- Riley
  - [ ] Put info on servers and such and their access/rules on acm.umn.edu/resources/systems
  - [ ] Make self-hosting blurb
  - [ ] Put blurbs on the website
- Nadia
  - [/] Finish UNIX Class slides
  - [ ] Review TOS before officially posting it
  - [ ] Make event blurb(s)
- Elena
  - [ ] Find how to get Soundbyte spotlight
  - [ ] Email blast stuff
- Alice
  - [ ] Make event blurb
  - [ ] Investigate Canvas course about invoicing sponsors
  - [ ] Ping Mini about invoicing sponsors instructions/advice
  - [ ] Papertrail e-purch and stuff
- Iris
  - [ ] Follow up with currently confirmed sponsors with list of things we need from them
