+++
title = "2024-07-04 Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2024-07-04 ðŸ‡ºðŸ‡¸
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++

# 2024-06-06 Meeting

Start Time: 16:12
End Time: 

# Attendance
- Alice
- Quinn
- Autumn
- Iris
- Nadia

# Last Week's TODOs

- Autumn
 - [ ] submit university guideline-compliant logo (drive -> current year -> brand -> logo.png)
 - [ ] follow up about bedbugs if they do not respond within a few days
- Alice
 - [ ] send email about budget range to CS Finance (Justin) for Neo-Medusa(/new server?)
Nadia/Riley
 - [ ] find viable Neo-Medusa options within ~$1000-$1500 (probably need to wait on budget email but should keep on radar)

# Topics for Discussion

- Fall open house
   - Wednesday works best but Alice can only run events then so there would be eclipsion
   - But it is a minor evil
   - So we are doing open house on Wednesdays from 4 - 6 PM!
- MH
   - SSF probly wouldn't like extra $1000 request for overnight event but too bad they are also paying themselves
   - Autumn is currently replying to the email about the date.
      - She is asking them about a saturday to sunday from start-time to end-time. The specific enquiry is about starting 8 AM - 4 PM from Feb. 8 to Feb 9. 
   - The person said we can also talk through it so it would likely be good to send an envoy for this purpose after one more back and forth email-wise for some more clarity.
      - Iris will go once she lives closer and Autumn will join with her prior experience.
   - Once we get the dates more confirmated, Alice will confer with the SSF about extra $1000 price tag.
      - Iris: Alice can put a placeholder with the disclaimer that it will be revised with updated knowledge later.
   - Events
      - Elena will run one or more.
      - Iris and Quinn are running drawing night.
      - We need spring events figured out soon.
         - Alice can run a workshop or two.
         



# TODOs

