+++
title = "Minutes 2024-10-20"
template = "post.html"
date = 2024-10-20

+++

# 2024-10-20 Meeting

Start Time: 17:12
End Time: 17:26

# Attendance
- Alice
- Quinn
- Iris
- Autumn
- Elena
- Nadia
- Riley

# Last Week's TODOs
- Riley
  - [ ] Put blurbs on the website
  - [ ] Put info on servers and such and their access/rules on acm.umn.edu/resources/systems
- Nadia
  - [/] Review TOS before officially posting it (with remade TOS)
- Elena
  - [ ] Find how to get Soundbyte spotlight
  - [ ] Email blast stuff
- Alice
  - [x] Make event blurbs
- Iris
  - [x] Follow up with currently confirmed sponsors with list of things we need from them

# Last Week's MH TODOs
- Quinn
  - [x] Email more MH potential sponsors
- Alice
  - [x] Investigate Canvas course about invoicing sponsors
  - [ ] MH food permit (long-term)

# Topics for Discussion
- ACM x Plumb Bob study night
  - Costs would be split way, which we will not be able to accomodate
  - We could hypothetically offer our room, but we have no real reason to do so because people already study in the ACM Room
  - Our interests do not seem to overlap all that much, but...
    - Beyond the monetary aspect, it would require minimal effort on our part, and it would give us some gain (like exposure)
  - So we can respond with the indication that we cannot offer funds but can proffer our support and environment
- MinneDetails
  - Alice started working on the SSF application for MinneHack now that she has the info she needs
    - We have a higher cost for the room this year (about double)
      - So may not be able to get any food coverage from SSF
      - But we cannot inform them of the increase in price of the room to haggle at least *some* money for food
  - We should think about registration infrastructure and timing
    - Before winter break would be ideal (and before people are too worried about finals)
      - Right after Thanksgiving break would be good
  - Do we have detailed attendance documentation for prior MinneHacks?
    - Iris may have details on her 2023 MH application from last year, Alice will examine this further
  - Promotion
    - Flyers
    - Standard channels (newsletter + discord announcements)
    - Email Blast for sure
    - SoundByte?
- Declaration of ChalSummit1g
  - Friday the 25th, evening is when everyone seems to be available for collaboratively writing CTF challenges
- Formally declaring 5:00pm as our meeting time (its currently 5:30pm but 5:00 always works better for everyone involved)
  - Make it so

# TODOs
- Riley
  - [ ] Put blurbs on the website
  - [ ] Put info on servers and such and their access/rules on acm.umn.edu/resources/systems
- Nadia
  - [/] Review TOS before officially posting it (with remade TOS)
- Elena
  - [ ] Find how to get Soundbyte spotlight (info in one of the meeting minutes)
  - [ ] Email blast stuff (info in one of the meeting minutes)
- Alice
  - [ ] Forward sponsorship payments to Justin
  - [ ] Respond to Plumb Bob about having not the money but the spirit and the space

# MH TODOs
- Quinn
  - [ ] Email more MH potential sponsors
- Alice
  - [ ] MH food permit (long-term)
