+++
title = "Minutes 2024-09-29"
template = "post.html"
date = 2024-09-29

+++

# 2024-09-29 Meeting

Start Time: 17:11
End Time: 17:51

# Attendance
- Alice
- Quinn
- Iris
- Autumn
- Elena
- Nadia
- Riley

# Last Week's TODOs
- Iris + Autumn
  - [ ] Look for more potential sponsors
- Riley
  - [ ] Put info on servers and such and their access/rules on acm.umn.edu/resources/systems
  - [ ] Get rid of 4U XTS case
- Autumn
  - [x] Email professors about UNIX class again
- Quinn
  - [ ] Flyer for general ACM (open houses+)
    - Make one with Waffles opening server closet door
- Nadia
  - [/] Finish UNIX Class slides
  - [ ] Review TOS before officially posting it
- Iris
  - [x] Create UNIX Classes blurb for Elena to send to Social Coding
- Alice
  - [ ] Find how to get Soundbyte spotlight
  - [ ] Email Blast! stuff
- Everyone
  - [/] Find/make blurbs for your events
  - [x] Update new member form and add direction to contact officer at end

# Topics for Discussion
- SSF results, mitigation
  - SSF has gotten back
  - Except bc the room reservation problems, two are not approved
  - One option is having a workshop in the hour or two before presentation night to effectively combine the events with one-or-both attendance and shared pizza provisions
  - Another is just not having pizza at workshop
  - And another is talking to Shana about getting departmental funding
  - Or having a workshop the monday before the tuesday presentation (less than ideal but def viable)
- Carpet cleaning notice
  - all scheduled and notices put up on the door
  - we will batch the @everyone discord announcement with the UNIX class one tomorrow
- mailing list contacts -> newsletter pipeline
  - Elena did import the mailing list amalgamate every week by sunday so Quinn can do the newsletter on Monday
    - Download CSV and upload to Mailchimp, tagging it e.g. 2024 new recruits or something
- Door access ratification
  - Perhaps batch door access notification to fill out membership form
- SUA MH meeting (30m weekday)
  - We have to have a Zoom meeting to confirm MH details to get an accurate/precise cost estimate
  - Probably Iris, Autumn, Alice, Riley attending the meeting
- Offload of treasurer responsibility
  - Execution of pizza purchases can be off-loaded
  - P-card off-loading?
    - President or Vice President could do it
  - Except Alice doesn't currently have much trouble with those particular tasks
  - Non-treasury specific tasks ought to be off-loaded (like Email Blast!)
- Email inquiries
  - We got 2 emails
    - Astrophysics guy who want to find some more supernovae
      - Needs some people in that lab
      - We ought to advertise this
      - Iris seems to be responding to the guy as I type
    - "Incoming freshman" with "experience in planning events" and "resum√© included"
      - We ought to give this fellow a polite "no"
      - We ought not to spend the time to provide a detailed explanation
      - Maybe we can redirect him to volunteering with MH (including joining ACM period)
      - Alice is replying to the fellow as I type
- Death of Cole
  - We killed the signifier
- [do last] Clean room s.t. it is still usable until 5pm monday but the least amount of stuff is on the floor
  - We're on it

# TODOs
- Iris + Autumn
  - [ ] Look for more potential sponsors
- Riley
  - [ ] Put info on servers and such and their access/rules on acm.umn.edu/resources/systems
  - [ ] Get rid of 4U XTS case
  - [ ] Make self-hosting blurb
- Quinn
  - [ ] Flyer for general ACM (open houses+)
    - Make one with Waffles opening server closet door
  - [ ] Newsletter
    - [ ] Carpet cleaning
    - [ ] Membership form
    - [ ] UNIX Classes
- Nadia
  - [/] Finish UNIX Class slides
  - [ ] Review TOS before officially posting it
  - [ ] Make event blurb(s)
- Alice
  - [ ] Find how to get Soundbyte spotlight
  - [ ] Email Blast! stuff
  - [ ] Make event blurb(s)
- Alice, Iris, Autumn, Riley
  - [ ] Schedule SUA meeting
