+++
title = "2024-08-22 Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2024-08-22
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++

# 2024-07-25 Meeting

Start Time: 18:09
End Time: 18:30

# Attendance
- Alice
- Quinn
- Iris
- Riley
- Elena

# Last Week's TODOs

- [ ] Nadia
   - Review TOS before officially posting it
- [ ] Riley
   - Put info on servers and such and their access/rules on acm.umn.edu/resources/systems
- [X] Nadia + Riley
   - Get needed budget info for systems affairs

# Topics for Discussion

- updating spring event timing in the sheet
   - we have the weeks down, do we need the actual days
   - Unix 2 is at the same week as Minnehack
      - Nadia's thing, pushed off till a meeting w/ Nadia
      - If this has been discussed, it's fine

- do we need to care about devfest email
   - Cosponsorship
   - Seems to be a "professional thing" and "we would be the University liason"
      - Seems to carry baggage w/o much benefit
      - Iris will write a polite rejection
   - The link they sent is a 404, that sounds like a winner
   - Anecdote from Elena: "ai slop"

- ndsu
   - It's mainly Autumn's thing
   - Pitched the idea of co-advertising for each other's hackathons
   - Add todo item for Autumn for reaching out to NDSU for coadvertising

- sponsor response!
   - steve banks confirmed at silver
      - Noted, collecting sponsors, getting payment 
      and coordinating the event itself once we get all sponsors
   - responses in general to email day 1 was... not great
      - schedule email day 2 for early part of the sem
   - We need at least 3 silver sponsors to get to *REDACTED*, likely
   need 4 silver level sponsors to be comfortable

- acm national report | memberships 
   - ACM National report is going well
   - Membership is P-Card/e-purchase deal
      - Iris will help alice go thru the process
   - If we overstep like, a week into September it'll probably be fine
   - Haven't heard back from Shana yet, but we're heading into the school year
   anyway /shrug

- sage cert
   - Ping Nadia, add a Todo

- when to swap to new officer meeting schedule?
   - Sunday evenings
   - September 1st
   - IN THE ACM ROOM

# TODOs

- All (yeller: Alice)
   - [ ] Highlight mail delivery failures, update emails on loop-ins

- [ ] Nadia
   - Review TOS before officially posting it
   - Update the sage.acm.umn.edu certificate
- [ ] Riley
   - Put info on servers and such and their access/rules on acm.umn.edu/resources/systems
