+++
title = "2024-06-06 Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2024-06-06
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++

# 2024-06-06 Meeting

Start Time: 18:09
End Time: 18:41

# Attendance
- Alice
- Nadia
- Korsune
- Elena
- Autumn

# Last Week's TODOs

- Alice/Iris
 - [x] sit down and go through ledger
- Alice
 - [x] send email to Shana about a preliminary budget approval for renewing minnehack.io before domain expiration
 - [ ] send email about budget range to CS Finance (Justin) for Neo-Medusa(/new server?)
- Nadia/Riley
 - [ ] find viable Neo-Medusa options within ~$1000-$1500
- Korsune
 - [-] finish new sticker designs
 - [-] format and prep sticker designs for order
- Korsune/Alice/Iris
 - [-] get together for Sticker Bananza (formatting, budget request, ordering, etc.)

# Topics for Discussion

- Gopherlink
 - logo that we submitted is "not fitting with campus standards"?
 - may be something in drive for this
 - within brand folder in current year in drive there is logo.png, should submit this
- Domain renewal
 - will gladly receive gracious funds from outside benefactor
- Printer toner
 - alice has emailed people at ece address, did not get reply
 -  shold continue asking around
 - alice will ask in person
- Invites
 - sometimes there are incoming freshman who hear about ACM and join with their UMN emails
 - we can be available to join through the UMN discord hub
 - we can keep the specialized link to the discord from acm.mnu.edu
 - just should probably keep the discord link off of the public acm website
- Budget
 - should keep thinking about Neo-Medusa budget ranges/options
 - stickers, will actually do it this time
 - other branding?
 - SolarWinds?
 - domain renewal
  - should look at the NameCheap logistics for paying this in the fall
   - scratch that, alice did, we can pay well ahead of domain expiration
- MinneHack
 - still waiting on SUA for Great Hall available dates
  - still probably contingent on their pontification on whether to continue supporting overnight events
   - if this makes overnight unviable, we should make plans for alternate-style event but not uHack style based on its performance last year
- Bed bugs :[
 - have to email facilities
  - it is meant to be that we make a ticket for them but we do not have access to that as we are not faculty
  - we need to make the email to them look extremely urgent
 - there are definitely some on bean bags, probably also on the couch and elsewhere

# TODOs

- Autumn
 - [ ] submit university guideline-compliant logo (drive -> current year -> brand -> logo.png)
 - [ ] follow up about bedbugs if they do not respond within a few days
- Alice
 - [ ] send email about budget range to CS Finance (Justin) for Neo-Medusa(/new server?)
Nadia/Riley
 - [ ] find viable Neo-Medusa options within ~$1000-$1500 (probably need to wait on budget email but should keep on radar)