+++
title = "2025-09-10 Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2025-09-10

+++

# 2025-09-10 ACM Officers' Meeting

## Logo

Alison got response from Marissa, we got roasted for our logo.

One idea is to take creative inspiration from acm-w, Jason says to keep the
diamond.

Alison will email design person and cc acm to get more info at the end of week.

## Sponsorship

Weekend date to write sponsorship email. We have an old sponsorship spreadsheet.

Let's schedule things things at least a week in advance.

Jason will make crab.fit to check availability for officers.

## Avoiding national probation.

We need three memberships, don't need gopherlink.

We get booted out Sept 30.

National memberships are from department funding, don't need gopherlink.

Need to submit CS&E budget by the end of this week.

Alison is emailing Shana to say we're making the budget.

Worst case scenario, we just pay $18-20 each for our memberships.

## Discord Announcements & Google Calendar

Jason doesn't wanna do them. Angel will do the announcements, June will maintain
the discord calendar and google calendar.

## Unix Class Room Reservations/Pizza

June first two, Nadia last two. Start at 5:30. Thursdays maybe?

June prefers Tuesdays, Nadia is fine with either.

Jason updated the spreadsheet, Alison is getting the room reservations.

## Website

Nadia idea to wipe out old events.

Add gcal widget to website.

## Deleting old accounts

Prefer deleting old accounts, Keybase might be useful though.

Instagram would have the most reach, but no one wants to run it right now.

Decision: Delete FB and Tumblr, private Twitter, deal with keybase later.

## Minnehack

Need to reserve Coffman great hall well ahead of time. 180 days for free
cancelation. Let's just go for it.

Charles said it's the first weekend of the second semester traditionally.

SUA reserve page says you just send them an email to get the room.

## Promotionals

Angel presented a poster, he's gonna get rid of the "NO POSERS" thing in the
corner tonight.

He may also run the Instagram page for it.

## More scheduling for events further out

Non pizza events are way more flexible.

## TODO before next meeting:

- Alison: send email to designer
- Jason: finish ssf course
- Alison & Jason: ssf request, getting coffman, update budget or without spring events
- Angel: Delete FB, Tumblr, discord announcements, finish poster
- Nadia: Update officer meeting time on website, adding gcal to website,
  accessibility chrome on website
- June: maintain discord and gcal calendar, figure out dates for self-hosting
  workshop
- Sandal & Angel: 2041 unix class announcements, print and distribute poster,
  IEEE collab event prelimaries.
