+++
title = "2025-10-29 Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2025-10-29
tags = []
+++

# 2025-10-29 ACM Officers' Meeting

## SAO Grant

Jason is grinding, incommunicado for the weekend.

## USG Grants

Haven't responded about Discord or Website as our social media.

Newsletter could be piped into blusky. We'd wanna set up a PDS, maybe host it as
a service?

Regular posts already happening, just copy-paste for now.

June will do it right now...

...but is stopped since acm.umn.edu's records can't be changed without approval.

## SSF Grants

Jason also grinding.

## Sponsorship E-mails

Drive has past templates somewhere. Sandal will write a template for this year.
Jason is suffering, so he'll be uninvolved.

## Self-Hosting Workshop 2

Angel and June are meeting up to work on it.

## Typst Workshop

Linguists and math people should be adveritised to for sure.

## Minnehack Venue

No follow-up from Coffman people. Sandal will complain.

## Prep for Minnehack Sponsorship E-Mails

- Update Minnehack Website s/2025/2026/g
- Update color (Alison job)

## sourcehut Self-host

Apparently easy with NixOS

We won't touch it until we are less busy.

## New Minnehack Requirements

- Making code public after the event
- Source available

Ringo brings up that most of it is API garbage, not clean code.

Jason agrees, still thinks it's cool.

Cooler if we have a demo of their entry presented and we archive that compared
to the source code.

## Ben Eater Kit & FPGA

Wait until we get more funding from sponsors.

FPGA might be a cool prize for minnehack too.

## LAN Party Prep

Nadia is planning it out. Joined the discord server.

## Swear Jar

Add jar for a-word.

## Regularly Clean Room

Dav√≠d has volunteered to clean.

## TODOs

- Jason: GRANTS, GRANTS, GRANTS
- June and Angel: self-hosting stuff
- Nadia and Angel: meet with IEEE this Sunday
- Sandal: Write template for Sponsor e-mails
- June: Set up blusky
- Alison: make logo for Minnehack
- *: Sponsorship e-mails this Saturday
