+++
title = "2025-02-02 Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2025-02-02
tags = []
+++

# 2025-02-02 Meeting

Start Time: 17:12
End Time: 18:01

## Attendance

 - Quinn
 - Alice
 - Iris
 - Autumn
 - Nadia
 - Riley
 - Elena

## Last Week's TODOs

- Iris
  - [ ] Put in Neo-Medusa thing
- Autumn
  - [ ] Cooking the dragon into a nice meal
  - [x] Email blast to professors with BCCing
    - Schedule for Tues 8am
  - [ ] Get a plan for the website conceived
  - [ ] woodlands email
  - [x] acmw email
- Iris  + Autumn
  - [x] More regular washing covers in ACM rooms
- Elena
  - [x] Email Kolb
    - Schedule for Tues 8am
- Riley
  - [x] Put S25 events on site
- Everyone
  - [x] If running an event, indicate what date/times work
- Quinn
  - [x] Start UNIX classes posters

## Last Week's MH todos
- Alice
  - [ ] MH food permit (long-term)
    - (Including determining how much food to get)
    - Just pizza. Simple email will do.
    - Within the week pls.
  - [ ] Rework estimates with lower attendance count (150)

## Topics for Discussion
- Event dates and time
  - UNIX classes set
  - Drawing Night: May 5 (Wed) (4-6pm, open house time)
  - Code Golf: March 20 (Thu) (5:30-7:30pm)
    - Keller 3-111 is being reserved
  - CTF: April 17 (Thu) (5:30-7:30pm)
    - Amundson B75 is being reserved
  - Blog Workshop: March 27 (Thu) (6-7pm)
    - Keller 3-111 is being reserved
  - Presentation Night: April 23 (Wed) (5:30-7:30pm)
    - Keller 3-115 is being reserved
- Stickers
  - General sticker reserves are running low
    - Which?
      - Waffles
      - Rat
      - Firestar cube
      - Short-path vac
      - New-gen Waffles sans cig
      - Maybe new
  - Should get MH25 stickers (even tho they will likely arrive late)
- MH
  - General updates
    - Bags are ordered
    - Tees are scheduled
    - Alice can prep a large sum of money for getting snacks with the P-card
      - Shana has a membership for Costco
        - Alice can pick that up this week
      - Shana would likely prefer an itemized list for expected purchases but primarily only the costs between expected and actual need to match
    - Should work on getting volunteers
      - June, Ringo, Eliza, and August could help
      - Can employ help from FEO
    - Dev10 swag bags are here
    - Improving swag bags are being prepared
  - Judging
    - Will include sponsor judges (of which there are 2) but not exclusively
    - Estimate of projects to judge: up to 100
    - The Spreadsheet
      - Multiple judges' scores per project amongst each criterion
      - Each judge's favorites
      - Could give sponsor judges final say given a meritocratically dwindled set
  - Prompt
    - [ REDACTED ]
  - Pizza permit is cleared
  - Can get June, Meiling, etc. to help us get carts from residence halls
  - Ethernet
    - Eduroam can clog when globs of people accumulate in a single locale
    - Do not need switches on every table, only the first few rows
- Spring Tech Kick-Off
  - Some of us will be there for each individual moment necessary

## TODOs
- Iris
  - [ ] Put in Neo-Medusa thing
    - Currently blocked under new item selection
- Autumn
  - [ ] Cooking the dragon into a nice meal
  - [ ] Get a plan for the website conceived
  - [x] woodlands email
- Iris + Autumn
  - [ ] More regular washing covers in ACM rooms
  
## MH TODOs
- Alice
  - [ ] Prep a large sum of money for getting snacks with the P-card, including asking for how to go forward
    - [ ] Pick up Costco card this week