+++
title = "2025-07-25 Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2025-07-25

+++
# 2025-07-25 Urgent Meeting
Imported from google doc from before we had github access

will be put here for asking questions from others, as we dont know what to do


# Things that we *do not* know what/how to do and absolutely need help from order of priority high to low:

  * DONE ACM Welcome Week (at August 28th, but the signup for that is VERY SOON)
  * Outstanding Spending report  (we need to fix this)
  * Renew ACM National registration
  * Figure out who schedules the room https://classroom.umn.edu/scheduling/25live
  * Update constitution on website!
  * Update officers on gopher link
  * Update officers on website
  * IN-PROGRESS CURRENTLY WAITING ON COURSE Pizza and finances. Check out SAO grants and Shana Watters (above tied in with SSF applications. How are those done?)
  * IN-PROGRESS WAITING ON SSF COURSE - (pizza deadline for november funding (we missed sept and oct) is August 5th, THERE IS A CANVAS COURSE we gotta do that oh gods
  * Schedule consistent meetings (?)
  * Schedule a meeting where old officers show up. ASAP - yuni
  * Update website and meeting minutes + Github access
  * Request rebate 10 bucks (in ssf grants) for minehack.com
  * How can we email from acm@umn.edu? **needed for getting sponsors


* Mentioned fund surplus for pizza 2 months from minnehack surplus???
* Ask Alice if there is any recovery for the domain?


# Low priority:
* Tomas key


# More stuff below, to be put on website as soon as we get access
# We are confused about these things:
- how to order merch for minnehack
- how to register for the student org fair
- the acm national annual report (question for alice)
# TODO:
- renew acm national registration
- pizza funding (should do this by august 5)
- HOW DO WE GET TOMAS' KEY?
- get help from former officers to see if we can get help on how to figure everything out
- nadia/riley: teach june sysadmin stuff
- github access
- find sponsors for minnehack (potential sponsor: GitHub)
- fill out SSF application
- UNIX classes: Who's doing them?
- request $10 in grants for the domain `minnehack.com` (june bought it and doesnt care low priority)
- ask alice to recover the `minnehack.io` domain
