+++
title = "Minutes 2025-10-01"
template = "post.html"
date = 2025-10-01

+++

# 2025-10-01 ACM Officers' Meeting

## neocities

NEOCITIES GUY COMING.

We need to schedule spring events.

Would you wanna do it around March? (email after we schedule ieee)

We are gonna personally foot the bill for parking probably.

Would you prefer a date this far out? Otherwise, we can narrow down as the event
gets closer around March or April.

## ieee lan party meeting

Zoom meeting this sunday with Angel and Sandal.

Most precise you need to be is the week for ssf.

## receipt for ssf

Email sent to Sandal, Alison will send receipt to balance ledger.

## usg and sao grants

Jason filled out sao grants. we need social media for usg grants.

we have a vaguely maintained twitter. June told Owen to get us our instagram
back from Charles for the sake of the grant.

## unix class 2

Jason says don't follow github. less scattered is good for next semester.

## posters

Tom wants to learn, Angel will help him with putting them up.

## spreadsheet

Jason hates member amalgamation. Alison is willing to explain how it works.

There's href errors, old info, takes a lot of time to fix it.

Alison is confused too!

## Arbor added

Alison will add Arbor to the google group.

## acm probation

We got probated, we have two years to be disbanded.

Alison will email the guy.

## Pizzas

We always have way too many extra pizzas. We can't split the time in half.

## Signin spreadsheet shenanigans

We will update the two sheets.

## Minnehack date

In February. We can't get sponsors till we get the room.

Angel and Sandal need to talk to SUARES to get the great hall sometime in
Feburary.

## CSE New Major Event

- June will be there by 5pm.
- Alison and Angel will be at the ACM room by 4pm
- Crab will make it.
- Don't count on Jason...

## Memberships

Sandal is giving out memberships properly. Everyone should fill out card info to
get their ucards to work on the door.

## umarket

Jason keeps getting denied.

## Newsletter

Angel will write newletters on weekends.

Alison said that preamble was just a template, ADD RSVP LINK, and stay cool,
calm, and collected.

## Headcounts

Jason needs someone to get headcounts. Sandal stepped up.

## TODO

- Angel: Newsletter, email neocities guy
- Angel and Sandal: SUARES, meet with IEEE
- Sandal: headcounts at events, maintain rsvps weekly.
- Alison: send receipt, probation
- Jason: umarket, website as social media?
- June: ipv6 for table
- Angel, Alison, Crab, Arbor, June, mayhaps Jason: CSE thing
