+++
title = "2025-10-15 Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2025-10-15

+++

# 2025-10-15 ACM Officers' Meeting

## self hosting workshop

server fixed, tenative plans for workshop, no VMs for everyone.

scp their website, be slow for them to follow along.

June and Angel will meet up this weekend to automate VM creation and see if it
works.

Room reservations made.

Angel will make a poster NOW.

## unix class reflection

We need to make materials more accessible for people. Next semester needs to be
for the sake of education, not a yap session.

Arbor would be willing to help.

## SSF HEAVEN

we are out of ssf hell.

## Vaultwarden

June will try to add Arbor to vaultwarden access.

## Solar winds

Short term keep it.

Long term get rid of it. - june opinion

heartbeat with solar winds offsite vm makes it mega clean - alison

Let's just keep it for now.

Hetzner is more comedic, we'll replace with the VM by next year.

## Wishlist for Networking

Doc made by Jason pinned in systems channel for asking for new gear so requests
are better organized.

## Student Group Leadership Program

Lottery for Coffman Great Hall free tier.

Wait nvm no great hall in the lottery.

## Room reservation

Mazevo Sandal is filling it out.

## New site

Arbor started on new iteration of website. Basic idea through.

Draft for history page.

Newsletter page.

About us.

Angel and Arbor will discuss this Saturday during VM day.

## TODOs

- Angel and June: Self-hosting stuff
- Arbor: Website planning
- Sandal: e-mail room reservation
- Alison: recover from ssf migraine
