+++
title = "2025-09-17 Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2025-09-17

+++

# 2025-09-17 ACM Officers' Meeting

## From last meeting

- accessibility done
- nothing on ieee collab
- 2041 & 2021 announcements
- facebook, tumblr not deleted
- private twitter not done yet

## Spring event planning

Keeping Unix classes, drawing night, presentation night.

Add IEEE, Gopher Graphics collab, chill night.

## Locked in events

All events for fall locked in.

## Treasurer requests

Needs to make pre-approval request and send to cs finance, shana. We need pizza
for unix classes/membership for acm.

Need to get the card by Monday, emergency on Tuesday.

Email Shana to make appointment.

## Minnehack room contact

Angel email SUA to start reservation for Coffman

Sandal is also making an appointment for SUA meeting next Thursday the 25th at
11am. At coffman memorial.

## SUA Coffman missing receipt

Angel will also email to get last year's reservation receipt.

String of R5295 reservation number.

## Contact IEEE

Ask for date on late March. Sandal and Angel will contact on the discord.

## Server room allocation

All up to June's judgement.

## TODOs

- Angel and Sandal: SUA meeting next Thursday; more unix class meetings on
  Thursdays; message IEEE
- Angel and June: unix class curriculum
- Angel: email SUA, ask Alison for help; delete accounts
- Alison: card scanner progress?
- June: deal with flood of new members wanting servers
- Arbor???: help with unix class on Tuesday
- Sandal: follow up with trash removal
- Jason: Pre-approval request for zas üçï, membership
