+++
title = "2025-06-23 Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2025-06-23
tags = []
+++

# 2025-06-23 Meeting

Start Time: 17:43
End Time: 18:54

## Attendance

- Alison
- June
- Sandalwood
- Jason
- Angel

## Last Week's TODOs

- nothing because we're awesome

## Topics for Discussion

- officer responsibilities
    - membership
        - make sure people check into events
        - update door access
            - reset code
            - send over The Real Access List (SOTRAL)
        - give people discord role
        - import mailing list opt ins into mailchimp
        - give ppl ACM national membership
    - secretary
        - crab not here
        - promotionals (flyers, email list)
        - taking meeting minutes (like this)
    - treasurer
        - SSF applications
        - CS&E budget
        - PCard process
    - sysadmin
        - **get nadia to transfer sysadmin stuff**
        - general knowledge of the server closet
        - make vms
        - ppl who rack their own server
        - pipe dreaming for treasurers
    - all around
        - advertise to classes at start of sem
- events next sem
    - MH?
        - SSF
        - finding sponsors (october latest)
        - getting the great hall
        - end of fall sem (dec 17)
        - actual event: last week january
        - ...
        - more later but we will get domain again
        - check cloudflare
    - unix classes (1-4)
    - ctf
    - drawing night
    - workshop or 2
    - presentation night
    - schedule idea (fall):
        - unix classes (1-4)
        - blog workshop!! (1)
            - neocities guy?
            - zola on plan9 using freebsd on risc-v racecar
        - vm -> self-hosting workshop (1)
        - drawing night (1)
        - presentation night (1)
    - project night?
- update stuff
    - [x] google group
        - have ppl check access later
        - this gives acm drive
    - [/] gopherlink
        - need CLP advisor letter
    - [ ] vaultwarden
        - nadia thing
    - [ ] cse groups survey
        - alison thing
    - [ ] SSFC
        - alison thing
- budget
    - rollover team 4 & 5 MH 2025
        - epurch request
    - events
    - posters
    - minnesota flag?
        - and previous
    - new furniture?
    - arm server(s)
    - ...
    - (we have spare 10gig cards)
- ensure information gets passed off
    - ask final thoughts from former officers?

## TODOs

- [ ] alison
    - renew MH domain
    - CLP letter exch with Shana
    - CSE groups survey
    - add Jason, Angel to SSF stuff
- [ ] nadia
    - add people to vaultwarden
