+++
title = "2018-01-21 Officer Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2026-01-21
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++

# 2026-01-21 ACM Officers' Meeting

## MinneHack Merch

Money is secured. Shipt contract pending. Jason will meet with people.
Improving's itemization will be weird!

Design needed to be done today.

Toaster can maybe print our stickers cheaper. Arbor says it'll be better to pay
for the stickers instead.

## unix class

Jason e-mailed Shanna for finding office hours. We need to coordinate pizza
orders before Monday events.

## LAN event

Waiting for MinneHack money to come in before we start begging for more.

We should do sponsor e-mails for getting pizza money as usg is unreliable.

## MinneHack Schedule

flesh out minnehack schedule next meeting.

## TODOs

- angel:
  - contact professors, advertise unix/mh/lan
  - ~~move events no more than 2 pizza events per month~~
  - e-mail potentials for lan party sponsorships
  - book all rooms for all future events
  - email improving about what shirt sizes the mentors will need.
  - ACM newsletter post
- sandal and jason: meet with SUA
- june and sandal: joint table with uko no fall tech kickoff
- arbor and angel: poster/t-shirt design stuff, compile info
- arbor
  - add membership form to site again
- june
  - add events to google calendar
- sandal
  - plan paper pals 
  - add new ucards to door
