+++
title = "Officer Elections"
template = "post.html"

description = "Coffee with the CSE Department, officer elections for 2019, and Capture the Flag 3."

date = 2019-02-26
slug = "2019-officer"

authors = ["Mike"]
+++
Hello ACM UMN members,

Here are some of the events we have coming up in the next few weeks:

 - **Coffee & Donuts with the CS&E Department:**
   - Come grab some refreshments and chat with professors, researchers, advisors, and other students in the computer science and engineering department. This event will be held in Keller Hall 3-176 on Thursday, March 14th.

 - **Officer Elections:**
   - ACM UMN will be holding officer elections for next year after spring break. If you would like to run for any officer position, you can sign up using [this form](https://goo.gl/forms/UmtqbF7gvihlrZxg1). You must be a paid member of ACM UMN to vote in our officer elections.

 - **Spring LAN Party:**
   - ACM UMN, IEEE, and UMN eSports will be hosting a LAN party in the Keller atrium during CSE week. Stay tuned for more information as we get closer to the date of the event.

 - **CTF 3:**
   - We will be hosting a 3rd CTF competition at some point in the future. Unlike the previous two competitions we've hosted, this CTF will be a six-hour, in-person event. If you would like to compete, please fill out [this form](https://goo.gl/forms/MPz7RHfvXckZQr123) with your availability so that we can choose a date for the event.

 - **General PSA:**
   - As a reminder, if you are a paid member of ACM UMN, you have access to our servers. We have general servers for any project you're working on, or if you want to host an application. We are also excited to announce that we recently purchased a machine learning box. Contact a member of the systems committee to set up your account if this interests you.

If you want to get more involved with ACM UMN or see what we’re up to, you can stop by our room, Keller Hall 2-204, any time. In addition, our weekly officer meetings are held on Mondays at 2:30 pm in Keller Hall 2-204, and our meeting minutes can be found [on our website](@/meeting-minutes/_index.md). You can also join our [Discord server](@/discord.md).

Have a great week!
