+++
title = "2019-09-15 Newsletter"
template = "post.html"

date = 2019-09-15
slug = "newsletter-2019-09-15"

tags = [ "newsletter" ]

description = "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur adipiscing elit. Quisque faucibus ex sapien vitae pellentesque sem placerat. In id cursus mi pretium tellus duis convallis. Tempus leo eu aenean sed diam urna tempor. "

[extra]
author = "Charles"
+++

# Welcome (Back) to ACM UMN!
Welcome to new members and welcome back to old members! We've got lots of great events planned for this year, including old favorites such as MinneHack and Software Design Competition, as well as a new event: Paper Reading Pals.


## Events This Week

UNIX Class 2: Git and Github
New to UNIX? Join ACM UMN to learn about the operating system used on many of the CSE Labs machines. This week's topic: Git and GitHub!


## Help Us Out

We are always looking for help running events and the organization. If you are interested in being an officer or just helping out, fill out this form: https://z.umn.edu/ACMLeadership, or come talk to us in Keller 2-204.


## Target Site Visit

ACM and Target are planning a site visit to Target's campus in downtown Minneapolis for you to learn what an internship at target would look like. They will show you some of their workspaces and highlight some of the exciting tech they're developing in house.

You can vote for a day here: https://z.umn.edu/target_visit_survey


## ICPC

Are you interested in competitive programming? The ACM International Collegiate Programming Contest may be for you! ICPC is the oldest, largest, and most prestigious programming contest in the world.

ICPC information and practice sessions will be held every Tuesday leading up to the competition from 4:00 p.m. – 6:00 p.m in Keller Hall 1-260 starting on Tuesday, September 17th. The ICPC Team is looking for mentors as well as participants.


## Job Opportunities

A full-time buy-side investment opportunity specifically for graduating seniors at Travelers, more info: https://cdn-static.findly.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/645/2019/08/SellSheet_InvestmentAnalystDP_2019.pdf


Visit us at https://acm.umn.edu or in Keller 2-204, and as always, you can reply to this email if you have any questions!

You can join our Discord server here: https://z.umn.edu/acm-discord

P.S. You can join our IRC at: ircs://acm.umn.edu:6669
