+++
title = "Updates on Events and Social Distancing"
template = "post.html"

date = 2020-09-15
slug = "2020-social-distancing"

authors = ["Mike"]
+++
**Updates on social distancing, fall events, and more**

Hello all,

Now that the fall semester is officially underway, the ACM officers have some announcements we'd like to share with our members:

**Reduced Room Access**
In order to attempt to combat the spread of COVID-19, regular member access to our room in Keller Hall has been suspended for the foreseeable future. If you absolutely need to enter the room for some reason, you can email our systems administrator Hemant at [gouni008@umn.edu](mailto:gouni008@umn.edu), or message him on our Discord.

**Membership Fees Waived**
On a related note, because our members will no longer have access to the resources previously available to them in our room in Keller Hall, we have decided to waive our membership fees for the 2020-2021 school year. Anyone who was a paid member last semester, spring 2020, will continue to be counted as a paid member until the pandemic has ended. Any new members who would like access to the paid member only channels in our Discord or who would like access to our server hardware can fill out this form: [https://forms.gle/hZzG1uRBu6kAKL3dA/](https://forms.gle/hZzG1uRBu6kAKL3dA/)

**Online Social Hour**
Starting today, 9/15, ACM will be hosting an informal online hangout in our Discord voice channel every Tuesday from 5pm to 6pm. All members are welcome and encouraged to join us and talk about computers, your classes, or whatever else is on your mind.

**Online Events**
Because of the ongoing pandemic, we have been forced to cancel some of our events. However, we are still planning to hold as many of our regular events as we can in an online format, including our resume and interview prep event, software design competition, jeopardy-style capture the flag competition, UNIX classes, and academic paper reading group. We'll be adding more details about these events to our website over the next few days, and announcing more specifics closer to the events.

**Server Hardware**
As a reminder, ACM has server hardware available to any of our members who are interested. If you would like us to set you up with a VM, you can contact our sys admin Hemant over [email](mailto:gouni008@umn.edu) or Discord.

----------

Visit us at [https://acm.umn.edu/](https://acm.umn.edu/), and as always, you can reply to this email if you have any questions!

You can join our Discord server [here](@/discord.md).

Lots of love,
The ACM Officers
